sim_seconds                                  2.991776                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2991775543000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               18084738178500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                3112612                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  3308947                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              484934059                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2604728                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6169.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 19203096039                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20414378335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total              2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks         4608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           4608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                  9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks           18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                18                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu0.data           86                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu3.data           86                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu4.data          428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           86                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           86                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total                  770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           86                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_inst_read::total              86                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks           1540                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total                1540                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks           1540                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu0.data           86                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu3.data           86                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu4.data          428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           86                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           86                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total                2310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                          9                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                        18                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                       72                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                     144                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                  2304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                   4608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                   2304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                4608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          631                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 2991759481000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                   72                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                 144                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           34                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   203.294118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   165.561976                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    87.682461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63            6     17.65%     17.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      2.94%     20.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::128-159            1      2.94%     23.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5     14.71%     38.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287           21     61.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           34                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean            12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.132601                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::0                2     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     16.67%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16               2     33.33%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24               6    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                     1796400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                3016800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                    230400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     31.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                      63                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                    119                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               82.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                 110805906703.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   84.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  2728891171292                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF   262879948800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT        4673572                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0                1762992                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1           1964995.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2           1681948.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3           1969228.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                1189320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                1325592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                1134648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3           1328448.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0               6619392                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1          7518950.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2          6295411.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3          7484006.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         3188367.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         3281679.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         2876497.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         3324810.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       75755564726.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       75758368415.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       75756044073.599991                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       75758903357.759995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0       842141249760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1       842138790384.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2       842140829280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3       842138321136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         1178789781407.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         1178791456865.280273                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         1178789068708.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         1178791537836.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           77.842717                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           77.842828                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           77.842670                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           77.842833                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.extraRowBufferHits                0                       # Number of extra row buffer hits
system.mem_ctrls4.totExtraBufferDelay               0                       # cumulative delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.mem_ctrls4.avgExtraBufferDelay             0                       # average delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    382225424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::total    382225424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     95556356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::total     95556356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          448                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::total          448                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    127758723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::total      127758723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          599                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::total           599                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    127759322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::total     127759322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs             95556356                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                 448                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts           95556356                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts               448                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM      1528774272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ           294560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten            12800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys        382225424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys          1792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ            9205                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts             51                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0      5988600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1      5952462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2      5978245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3      5980110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4      5929102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5      5983117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6      5988051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7      5974509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap           2991775250000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2       95556356                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2           448                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0         47774196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15               9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16              15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25              27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28              24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31              22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32              23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples     47774595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.000001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.000000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev     0.004630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-39     47774594    100.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-71            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total     47774595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean 2149984.782609                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 2064592.214250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 585310.454063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::917504-983039            1      4.35%      4.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::983040-1.04858e+06            1      4.35%      8.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1.57286e+06-1.6384e+06            1      4.35%     13.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1.6384e+06-1.70394e+06            1      4.35%     17.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1.70394e+06-1.76947e+06            2      8.70%     26.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1.90054e+06-1.96608e+06            2      8.70%     34.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.03162e+06-2.09715e+06            2      8.70%     43.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.09715e+06-2.16269e+06            4     17.39%     60.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.22822e+06-2.29376e+06            1      4.35%     65.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.29376e+06-2.3593e+06            1      4.35%     69.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.42483e+06-2.49037e+06            2      8.70%     78.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.68698e+06-2.75251e+06            1      4.35%     82.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.75251e+06-2.81805e+06            1      4.35%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.81805e+06-2.88358e+06            1      4.35%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3.01466e+06-3.08019e+06            1      4.35%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3.40787e+06-3.47341e+06            1      4.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           23                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.391304                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.359464                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.076152                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            6     26.09%     26.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            6     26.09%     52.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            7     30.43%     82.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            4     17.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           23                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat          906712574722                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat     1716485196922                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat        152877427200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat               9489.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat             1600.02                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat         17964.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                510.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys             127.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              5.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits                1                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate          0.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap               31308.87                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate              0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 192082151364                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF 262879948800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT 2536813693500                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     34856101526.400002                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1     35073342662.400002                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2     34757138102.400002                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3     35147413123.199997                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0      23514036744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1      23660588304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2      23447275704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3     23710556472.000004                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    28679760345.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1     28858435008                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2    28597929484.799999                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3    28921472985.600002                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   239020139.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   238979911.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   239003965.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   238777113.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 231606000959.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 232531045240.320007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 231080835936.960022                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 232613176403.519989                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0 705430340784.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1 704618898432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2 705891011856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3 704546853552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   1285205467347.840332                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   1285861496407.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   1284893401898.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   1286058456499.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     84.869998                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     84.913319                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     84.849390                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     84.926326                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.extraRowBufferHits     47772955                       # Number of extra row buffer hits
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totExtraBufferDelay            0                       # cumulative delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgExtraBufferDelay     0.000000                       # average delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total              2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::total         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total           2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                  8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                 9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst           86                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst           86                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu4.data          342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total                  685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst           86                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst           86                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::total             342                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks            770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total                 770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks            770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst           86                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst           86                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu4.data          342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total                1455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          8                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                       64                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                      72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                  2048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                   2048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          400                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 2991782027000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                   64                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                  72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.600000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   183.686684                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    80.821050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     15.00%     15.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     15.00%     30.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287           14     70.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total           20                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     21.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    20.965931                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.618802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24               2     66.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                     2132968                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                3217768                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                    204800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    33327.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               50277.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     30.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                      56                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 175987178058.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   85.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  2728893726129                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF   262879948800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT        2118735                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0           1834358.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           1765411.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2           1803513.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3                1877904                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                1237464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                1190952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                1216656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                1266840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0          6955852.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1          6732211.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2          6764659.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3          7237900.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         3224862.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1              2985984                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         3066024.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         3148554.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       75756873792.960007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       75756442818.240005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       75756983178.240005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       75757110238.080002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0       842140101456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1       842140479504.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2       842140005504.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3       842139894048                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         1178790434636.159912                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         1178789803729.920166                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         1178790046385.280273                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         1178790742334.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           77.842760                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           77.842719                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           77.842735                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           77.842781                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.extraRowBufferHits                0                       # Number of extra row buffer hits
system.mem_ctrls2.totExtraBufferDelay               0                       # cumulative delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.mem_ctrls2.avgExtraBufferDelay             0                       # average delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2728895844864                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF 262879948800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.extraRowBufferHits            0                       # Number of extra row buffer hits
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totExtraBufferDelay            0                       # cumulative delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgExtraBufferDelay          0                       # average delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2699756076                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    771619692                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data     69494156                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data     69457746                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data     69516896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data     69429130                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data     69453230                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data     69450298                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::total   3888177224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2699756076                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total   2699756076                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    385580344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         5600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         5600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         5600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         5600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         5600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         5600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total    385613945                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    674939019                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    192910850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data     34747078                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data     34728873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data     34758448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data     34714565                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data     34726615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data     34725149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::total   1076250597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     96405115                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         2100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         2100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         2100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         2100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         2100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         2100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total     96417716                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    902392588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    257913631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     23228399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     23216229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     23236000                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     23206664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     23214719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     23213739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::total   1299621970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    902392588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total    902392588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    128880104                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data         1872                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data         1872                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data         1872                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data         1872                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data         1872                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data         1872                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            0                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total    128891335                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    902392588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    386793735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     23230271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     23218101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     23237872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     23208536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     23216591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     23215611                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            0                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total   1428513305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total              2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks         3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total           3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                 10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks           12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                12                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.data           86                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu1.data           86                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu3.data          171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu4.data          257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           86                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total                  856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           86                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::total              86                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks           1027                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total                1027                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks           1027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.data           86                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu1.data           86                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu3.data          171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu4.data          257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           86                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total                1882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                         10                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                        12                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                       80                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                      96                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                  2560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                   3008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                   2560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                3072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          191                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3               56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3               29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 2991768544000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                   80                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                  96                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples           27                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   206.222222                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   171.206176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    84.818963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     14.81%     14.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      3.70%     18.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::160-191            1      3.70%     22.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      3.70%     25.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     11.11%     37.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287           17     62.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total           27                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    17.738846                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     25.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean     23.500000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.483569                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::stdev            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::22               1     25.00%     25.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24               3     75.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                     5032400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                6388400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                    256000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    62905.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               79855.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     24.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                      70                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                     77                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               80.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                 135989479272.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   83.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  2728893608538                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF   262879948800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT        2236326                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           1732147.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           1968019.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           1726099.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3                1799280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                1168512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                1327632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                1164432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                1213800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0          6675801.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1          7442572.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2          6585945.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3          6755174.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         3049021.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         3336837.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         2893501.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         3022479.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       75754647236.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       75758815313.279999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2        75755644344                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       75757221210.240005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0       842142054576                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1       842138398368                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2       842141179920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3       842139796704.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         1178789534143.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         1178791495591.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         1178789401091.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         1178790015497.280273                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           77.842701                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           77.842830                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           77.842692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           77.842733                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.extraRowBufferHits                0                       # Number of extra row buffer hits
system.mem_ctrls6.totExtraBufferDelay               0                       # cumulative delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.mem_ctrls6.avgExtraBufferDelay             0                       # average delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total              1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                  7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                 6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu4.data          428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                  599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total             171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks            513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total                 513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks            513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu4.data          428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total                1112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                       56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                  1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                   1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                   1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           14                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 2991780377000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                   56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                  48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.866667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   197.832776                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    72.029624                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63            1      6.67%      6.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      6.67%     13.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     20.00%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287           10     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean            28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    27.712813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     5.656854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                     2687792                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                3636992                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                    179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    47996.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               64946.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     23.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                      49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                     40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 230136952076.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   85.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  2728893847630                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF   262879948800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT        1997234                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0           1892419.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1           1725494.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2                1756944                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3           1816819.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                1276632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                1164024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                1185240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                1225632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0          7241894.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1               6646848                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2               6711744                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3          6880972.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         3248916.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1         2952806.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         2939120.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         3078881.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       75757264220.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       75755471647.679993                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       75756598387.199997                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       75756649878.720001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0       842139758976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1       842141331408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2       842140343040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3       842140297872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         1178790889907.520020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         1178789499077.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         1178789741325.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         1178790156905.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           77.842790                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           77.842699                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           77.842715                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           77.842742                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.extraRowBufferHits                0                       # Number of extra row buffer hits
system.mem_ctrls3.totExtraBufferDelay               0                       # cumulative delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.mem_ctrls3.avgExtraBufferDelay             0                       # average delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2728895844864                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF 262879948800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.extraRowBufferHits            0                       # Number of extra row buffer hits
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totExtraBufferDelay            0                       # cumulative delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgExtraBufferDelay          0                       # average delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total              3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks         5376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total           5376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                 12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks           21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                21                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu0.data           86                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu3.data          257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu4.data          342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total                 1027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_inst_read::total             171                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks           1797                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total                1797                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks           1797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu0.data           86                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu3.data          257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu4.data          342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total                2824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                         12                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                        21                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                       96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                     168                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                  3072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                   5376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                   3072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                5376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           17                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3               72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 2991786541000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                   96                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                 168                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                     12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples           40                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   211.200000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   173.800342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    84.446676                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63            7     17.50%     17.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            7     17.50%     35.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287           26     65.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total           40                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.857143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.588733                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     14.29%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     28.57%     42.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16               3     42.86%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     14.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24               7    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            7                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                     3005944                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                4633144                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                    307200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    31311.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               48261.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     30.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                      84                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                    140                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                 90660198212.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   84.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE  2728891405499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF   262879948800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT        4439365                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0           1778716.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1           1913587.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2           1753315.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3                1762992                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                1199928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                1290912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                1182792                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                1189320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0          6888460.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1          7264358.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2          6595929.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3          6637862.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         3092152.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         3258455.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         3005890.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         3002572.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       75755641170.240005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       75757627560.960007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       75756829305.599991                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       75756909634.559998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0       842141182704.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1       842139440256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2       842140140480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3       842140070016                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         1178789989981.440186                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         1178791001978.879883                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         1178789714562.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         1178789779247.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           77.842731                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           77.842798                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           77.842713                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           77.842717                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.extraRowBufferHits                0                       # Number of extra row buffer hits
system.mem_ctrls5.totExtraBufferDelay               0                       # cumulative delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.mem_ctrls5.avgExtraBufferDelay             0                       # average delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2728895844864                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF 262879948800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.extraRowBufferHits            0                       # Number of extra row buffer hits
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totExtraBufferDelay            0                       # cumulative delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgExtraBufferDelay          0                       # average delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total              1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         3584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           3584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks           14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                14                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu4.data          171                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst          257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           86                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                  513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total             257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks           1198                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total                1198                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks           1198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu4.data          171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst          257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           86                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total                1711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          6                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                        14                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                       48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                     112                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                  1536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                   3840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                   1536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                3584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          378                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2991789092000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                   48                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                 112                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples           26                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   206.769231                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.269407                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    87.860029                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63            5     19.23%     19.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255            5     19.23%     38.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287           16     61.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total           26                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     12.800000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.121403                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     20.00%     20.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     20.00%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16               2     40.00%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     20.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               5    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total            5                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                     1524000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                2337600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                    153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    31750.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               48700.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     28.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                      42                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                    100                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               89.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 149589454600.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   88.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  2728892318478                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF   262879948800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT        3526386                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0                2010960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1           1783555.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2           2171836.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3           2000073.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                1356600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                1203192                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2           1465128.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3                1349256                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0               7680192                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1               6851520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2          8145446.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3          7705651.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         3473694.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         3032432.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         3706767.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         3291217.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       75758791291.199997                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       75756714229.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       75761326797.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       75758520044.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0       842138419440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1       842140241424.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2       842136195312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3       842138657376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         1178791939027.199951                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         1178790033202.560303                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         1178793218136.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         1178791730468.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           77.842860                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           77.842734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           77.842944                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           77.842846                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.extraRowBufferHits                0                       # Number of extra row buffer hits
system.mem_ctrls0.totExtraBufferDelay               0                       # cumulative delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.mem_ctrls0.avgExtraBufferDelay             0                       # average delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total               768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total           2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu1.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total                  3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                 9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu1.data           86                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu4.data           86                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           86                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total                  257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           86                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::total              86                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks            770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total                 770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks            770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu1.data           86                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu4.data           86                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           86                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total                1027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                          3                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                         9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                       24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                      72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                   768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                    768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          494                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 2991781040000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                   24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                  72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.446100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    90.347899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     20.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     20.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287            9     60.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean             8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev            8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                      598800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                1005600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                     76800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     33.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                      21                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                 249315086666.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   84.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE  2728893802486                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF   262879948800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT        2042378                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0           1841011.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1           1993420.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2                1853712                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3           1765411.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                1241952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1           1344768.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                1250520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                1190952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0          7034726.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1               7750080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2          7118092.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3          6758668.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         3175096.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         3271726.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         3078881.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3         2995937.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       75756576225.599991                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       75758949377.279999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       75757836208.319992                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3       75756700166.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0       842140362480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1       842138280768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2       842139257232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3       842140253760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         1178790438340.800049                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         1178791796989.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         1178790601495.679932                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         1178789871744.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           77.842761                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           77.842850                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           77.842771                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           77.842723                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.extraRowBufferHits                0                       # Number of extra row buffer hits
system.mem_ctrls7.totExtraBufferDelay               0                       # cumulative delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.mem_ctrls7.avgExtraBufferDelay             0                       # average delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2728895844864                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF 262879948800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.extraRowBufferHits            0                       # Number of extra row buffer hits
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totExtraBufferDelay            0                       # cumulative delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgExtraBufferDelay          0                       # average delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total               768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                  3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                 9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu4.data          257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                  257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks            770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total                 770                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks            770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu4.data          257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total                1027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          3                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                       24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                   768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                    768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          204                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2991776917000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                   24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                  72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.446100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    90.347899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     20.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     20.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287            9     60.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    12.220202                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                      598800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                1005600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                     76800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     35.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                      21                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 249314743083.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   84.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  2728893928023                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF   262879948800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT        1916841                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0           1804723.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1           1798675.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2           1928707.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3           2028499.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                1217472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                1213392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                1301112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                1368432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0          6971827.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1          6949862.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          7274841.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3          7670707.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         3139015.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         3052339.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2         3301171.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         3347619.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       75755740760.639999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       75756506402.880005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2        75758474736                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       75759864186.240005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0       842141095344.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1       842140423728                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2       842138697120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3       842137478304.000122                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         1178790175992.000244                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         1178790151248.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         1178791184537.280029                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         1178791964597.760254                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           77.842743                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           77.842742                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           77.842810                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           77.842861                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.extraRowBufferHits                0                       # Number of extra row buffer hits
system.mem_ctrls1.totExtraBufferDelay               0                       # cumulative delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.mem_ctrls1.avgExtraBufferDelay             0                       # average delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2728895844864                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF 262879948800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.extraRowBufferHits            0                       # Number of extra row buffer hits
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totExtraBufferDelay            0                       # cumulative delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgExtraBufferDelay          0                       # average delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2728895844864                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF 262879948800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.extraRowBufferHits            0                       # Number of extra row buffer hits
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totExtraBufferDelay            0                       # cumulative delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgExtraBufferDelay          0                       # average delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2728895844864                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF 262879948800                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 260880206849.280029                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 75736492508.160004                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3 842157979776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   1178774679133.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.extraRowBufferHits            0                       # Number of extra row buffer hits
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totExtraBufferDelay            0                       # cumulative delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgExtraBufferDelay          0                       # average delay from waiting buffer to be filled with data
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq           208404813                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp          208404813                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              14418                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             14418                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                98                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             5215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            731                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2329                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               21                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        11730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave    416835554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    416847284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total              416847284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        23460                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave    416874993                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    416898453                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               416898453                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 104202406500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 208405386500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     14418000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      7209000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1617000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2608997                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       365500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1164500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       228471                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       346500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     10459058                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     18707046                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1256                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         1738                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           21                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           14                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq         9000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       182987                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         8000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         5498                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         6000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                      10460347                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                     18708798                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                 208413329                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                     10459908                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                  6000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                208413329                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                    18708534                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                93000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime               14498                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime             196987                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                             4024                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              6509                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    6509    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                6509                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3841000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                5865                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy        104215775500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded           208415814                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy       208414106500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded          208421581                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq          208400765                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp         208400765                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq             12601                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp            12601                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback               98                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1856                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           473                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2329                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               21                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              21                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           98                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           21                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    104206705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total    104207883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          189                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          341                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port           92                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          287                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    104206622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total    104207878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port           97                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    104206661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total    104207883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           23                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    104206670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total    104207886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total             416831530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    104208811                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total    104217259                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         2560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         2304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    104208782                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total    104220046                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    104208808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total    104219816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    104208656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total    104217872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total              416874993                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 227322551297                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 512025499462                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     25907300                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     18121500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       921200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2593200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       660200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      3269071                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        29400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       206800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     19183022                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1357                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           13                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2392482499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp         6500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       144900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         6200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         4000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp          900                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                     19184397                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           5                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                208413329                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                    19184379                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime           2392627399                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess               208413329                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          4                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                6500                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime         2392637599                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime              7400                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy             668800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                398                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy             374400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                216                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy             653400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                417                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy              85800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 27                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy            1065200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                658                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy             238000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 50                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy             392200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                213                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy             778000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                506                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy       227348406797                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              7.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded          208413329                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy      128011880952                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded          52103929                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy      128015990252                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded          52103925                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy      128008407112                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded          52103930                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy      128010818517                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded          52103932                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq    208400765                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp    208400765                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq        12601                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp        12601                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback           98                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1856                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          473                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2329                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq           21                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp           21                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave    104207883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave    104207878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave    104207883                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave    104207886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total    416831530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave    104217259                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave    104220046                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave    104219816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave    104217872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total    416874993                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 166720612000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 187560803200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     11340900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     10080800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       392000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1484800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       378400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1863200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        16800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        84000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           25                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        20089                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                    26                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess          208413329                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess         208413329                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                   25                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime         20089                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime        20889                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy  41683559200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded     52103954                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy  41683566800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded     52103953                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy  41683559900                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded     52103953                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy  41683539000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded     52103954                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy 187572831200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded    208415716                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq          208533954                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         208533921                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate           34                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             14418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            14418                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             3737                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            5327                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           806                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           6133                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             5082                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            5082                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        45488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     69509430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        33092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     69473421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        32320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     69530122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        32662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     69443539                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        32502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     69467852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           41                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        32557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     69463061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           77                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             417100431                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5822464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     70061468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4235776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     70281342                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4136960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     69890424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4180736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     70013594                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4160256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     70070782                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4167424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     69807918                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side          144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       221440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        62744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       144896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        70693                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              447329353                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 104267132183                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 212124836266                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     14419497                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      7209000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    121455494                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2676969                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       419966                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      1274946                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      2722117                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     28090474                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     10013340                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         2519                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1117                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          106                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          140                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           78                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq          137                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           11                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   5145298977                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     40667703                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      3059499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1567999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      1574499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1461497                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        62500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1122986                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       148000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                     10014952                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                        2534                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                208413329                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                    10005753                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime           5034267490                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess               208413329                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime         5154085457                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          40878203                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                           22481                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           144130                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                144130    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             144130                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       104408841726                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded          208563324                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         739354116                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded             22744                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       34856627300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded          34755648                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy              4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                 4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         537886158                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded             16546                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       34901539293                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded          34738113                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy              4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                 4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy        525329664                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded            16160                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy      34914129765                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded         34766972                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy        530871716                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded            16331                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy      34879946751                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded         34723417                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy        528302111                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded            16251                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy      34897041729                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded         34735551                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.occupancy             5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy            21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded               21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy        529194682                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded            16279                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy      34869081279                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded         34733303                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.occupancy            21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded               21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy            41499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded               41                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy         28127968                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded              865                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy         10551994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded              358                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         18398491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              566                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          9693990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              369                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                9                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access             674939019                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access             384872769                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access          95556804                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles              5983551086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts          483021482                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps            483059728                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses    434497708                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls              22834                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     48545592                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts           434497708                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads    963638022                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes    289542842                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_reads   2314580802                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_writes    148117746                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs            384872769                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts          288467206                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts          96405563                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles        5983551086                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.Branches                 48584854                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         98186959     20.33%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead       288467206     59.72%     80.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite       96405563     19.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total         483059728                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples     95556356                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4     95556356    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total     95556356                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          448                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          448    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          448                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 127758958.743486                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean 127557090.424368                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 4676262.782098                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06            4      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07           94      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07          103      0.03%      0.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07          100      0.03%      0.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07           81      0.03%      0.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07           94      0.03%      0.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07           86      0.03%      0.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07          102      0.03%      0.22% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07           89      0.03%      0.25% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07          100      0.03%      0.29% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07           91      0.03%      0.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08           89      0.03%      0.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08           82      0.03%      0.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08           99      0.03%      0.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08          112      0.04%      0.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08       297851     99.56%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 127758723.375592      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes         382225424                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean   598.976526                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 22815.315560                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-65535       298966     99.93%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::65536-131071            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::131072-196607            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::196608-262143            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::262144-327679            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::327680-393215            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::393216-458751            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::458752-524287            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-589823            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::589824-655359            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::655360-720895            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::720896-786431            0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::786432-851967          185      0.06%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::851968-917503            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::917504-983039            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::983040-1.04858e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06           26      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth   598.975416      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           1792                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples     95556356                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 24106.574334                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 13651.632697                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 24094.093471                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383     47782160     50.00%     50.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%     50.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151     44673691     46.75%     96.76% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535           77      0.00%     96.76% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           77      0.00%     96.76% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303          132      0.00%     96.76% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          135      0.00%     96.76% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071      3100079      3.24%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total     95556356                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          448                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          448    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          448                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples     95556356                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   31309.013604                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  36523.307821                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000     47773612     50.00%     50.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%     50.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000         4132      0.00%     50.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000           18      0.00%     50.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            8      0.00%     50.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%     50.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%     50.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          186      0.00%     50.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000     42532826     44.51%     94.51% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000      2139991      2.24%     96.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000          223      0.00%     96.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000           18      0.00%     96.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           26      0.00%     96.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          518      0.00%     96.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          784      0.00%     96.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000         2878      0.00%     96.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           25      0.00%     96.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           29      0.00%     96.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           19      0.00%     96.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows      3101063      3.25%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value         7500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value      9026000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total      95556356                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          448                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 6697948198.660714                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 11618487847.720526                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000           52     11.61%     11.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%     11.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000          182     40.62%     52.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            3      0.67%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     52.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          211     47.10%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value         7000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value  67922642000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          448                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples      95556804                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     31308.866818                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    36522.800978                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000     47773849     50.00%     50.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          169      0.00%     50.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000         4330      0.00%     50.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000           21      0.00%     50.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000           33      0.00%     50.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%     50.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%     50.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            1      0.00%     50.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000     42532826     44.51%     94.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000      2139991      2.24%     96.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000          223      0.00%     96.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000           19      0.00%     96.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000           26      0.00%     96.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          518      0.00%     96.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000          784      0.00%     96.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000         2900      0.00%     96.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           25      0.00%     96.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           29      0.00%     96.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           19      0.00%     96.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows      3101041      3.25%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value         7000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value      9026000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total        95556804                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.768766                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.421623                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        69180     23.12%     23.12% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1       229997     76.88%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean   319.397397                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean   318.892731                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev    11.698136                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0-31           16      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::32-63          191      0.06%      0.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::64-95          138      0.05%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::96-127          135      0.05%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::128-159          145      0.05%      0.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::160-191          142      0.05%      0.26% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::192-223          151      0.05%      0.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::224-255          127      0.04%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::256-287          138      0.05%      0.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::288-319        98692     32.99%     33.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::320-351       199302     66.62%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::352-383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::384-415            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::416-447            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::448-479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::480-511            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::512-543            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::544-575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::576-607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::608-639            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.001497                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.057038                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0         298966     99.93%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%     99.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2            185      0.06%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3             26      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq   1171806953                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp   1171806953                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq     96418164                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp     96418164                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave    191113608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    578631930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total    769745538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port   1349878038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total   1349878038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    416826658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total    416826658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total    2536450234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave    382227216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port   1157200036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total   1539427252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port   2699756076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total   2699756076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    416835057                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total    416835057                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total     4656018385                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 585903476500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 1287331920400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq  96418164000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp  58429016000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq    482616024                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp    485722066                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq     50019429                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp     45316804                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  75472502000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 237669457100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq   1111981500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   9063388800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq            532635453                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp           531038870                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess        208413329                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail            20740260                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime  10590165000                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess       208413329                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail           16998724                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime   3809551600                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime  76584483500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime 246732845900                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy  47778626000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded     95556804                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy 634543014500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         21.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded   1172668313                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy 385345500700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization         12.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded    384872769                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy 716191279600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         23.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded    674939019                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy 244224156100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          8.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded    208413329                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0          299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0         299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0          299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0         299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0          299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0         299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0          299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0         299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0          299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0         299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0          299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0         299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       299177    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0          299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0         299177    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total       299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                       142                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7979.823602                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       14962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                       142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    105.366197                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5374.964873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   278.999101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   121.608964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst           77                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data    70.000040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst   134.000002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data    51.000201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst     9.000401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data    15.001671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst           21                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data    17.999874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst           46                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    35.001374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst            7                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data           35                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   489.998109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data  1188.248995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.656124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.034058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.014845                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.009399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.008545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.016357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.006226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.001099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.001831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.002563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.002197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.005615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.004273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.004272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.059814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.145050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.974100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023             8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          7991                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7843                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000977                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.975464                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    974740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   974740                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst        22744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst        16546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst        16159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         1209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst        16330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst        16251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         1733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst        16278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  114495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             3737                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  3737                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           27                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  126                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           13                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           12                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           14                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 75                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          421                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           52                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   829                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst         22744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data          1482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst         16546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data          2177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst         16159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data          1239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst         16330                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data          1533                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst         16251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          1785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst         16278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data           935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst           865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data           166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data           171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   115324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst        22744                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data         1482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst        16546                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data         2177                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst        16159                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data         1239                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst        16330                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data         1533                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           20                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst        16251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data         1785                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           36                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst        16278                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          935                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          865                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          166                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          554                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data          171                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  115324                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1090                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          120                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          136                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          181                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          168                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total               1842                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          321                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           47                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total              473                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                     72                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data           17                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst           12                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                    72                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       250000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       360000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2322000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       450500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1623000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         5289500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     19640000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       326000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       261000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       915000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     21402500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       718500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       914500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       437500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1247500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1244500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       372500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       254500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       3556500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       437500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       250000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1607500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3566500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1623000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       254500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total          8846000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       437500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       250000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1607500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3566500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       823000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1623000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       254500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total         8846000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        22744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        16546                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        16160                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        16331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        16251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         1750                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker           21                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        16278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            9                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              114532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3737                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              3737                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1117                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          137                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          167                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          190                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          183                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          143                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             1968                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          336                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           49                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           40                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            548                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          421                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           62                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           20                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               864                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        22744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        16546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        16160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        16331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        16251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data         1812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker           21                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        16278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            9                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          566                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               115396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        22744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        16546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        16160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        16331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        16251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data         1812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.itb.walker           21                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        16278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            9                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          566                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              115396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000061                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.001368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.009714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.002532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.975828                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.875912                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.814371                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.952632                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.918033                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.888112                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.935976                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.955357                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.692308                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.959184                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.658537                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.863139                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.059701                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.170455                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.161290                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.020000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.150000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.040509                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000061                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.010968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.014901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.005319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.017241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.000624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000061                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.010968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.014901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.005319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.017241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.000624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       160000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 136588.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       225250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       135250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 142959.459459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 18018.348624                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  2716.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  1919.117647                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  5055.248619                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   386.904762                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data   515.748031                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 10833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  4642.857143                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11619.163952                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   204.049844                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  2519.230769                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  2407.407407                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 15287.234043                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1933.403805                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       109375                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 83166.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124450                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 124166.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 84833.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101614.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       109375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 94558.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 132092.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       164600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       135250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 84833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122861.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       109375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       160000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 94558.823529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 132092.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       164600                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       135250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 84833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122861.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   98                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        98                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1090                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          120                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          136                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          181                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          168                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          127                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          1842                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          321                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           47                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           27                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          473                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             35                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                72                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               72                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       228000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       149000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       338000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2135000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       428500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1491000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4882500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     59163483                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      6510999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      7377000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      9822495                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      9117998                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      6887998                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       325500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       758000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99963473                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     17495467                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      1413000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      1466000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2550000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1356000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      1466999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25747466                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       393500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1082500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      1134500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       339500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       221500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3171500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       393500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       228000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       149000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1420500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3269500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       768000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1491000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       221500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8054000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       393500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       228000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       149000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1420500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3269500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       768000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      1491000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       221500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8054000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 1043758416492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 1042683718461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 1044028574986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 1042731409488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data 1043100781482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data 1043298870484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        80000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 6259601971393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     69494000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     69468999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     69441999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     69439500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     69403499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     69452000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        40000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    416829997                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 1043827910492                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 1042753187460                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 1044098016985                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 1042800848988                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data 1043170184981                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data 1043368322484                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       120000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       210000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 6260018801390                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.001138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.001368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.009714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.002532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.975828                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.875912                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.814371                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.952632                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.918033                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.888112                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.935976                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.955357                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.692308                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.959184                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.658537                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.863139                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.059701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.170455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.161290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.020000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.150000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.010968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.014901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.005319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.017241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.000624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.010968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.014901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.005319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.021201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.017241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       114000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       149000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       169000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 125588.235294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       214250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 131959.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54278.424771                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54258.325000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54242.647059                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54267.928177                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54273.797619                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54236.204724                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        54250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54142.857143                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54268.986428                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54503.012461                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54346.153846                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54296.296296                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54255.319149                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        54240                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54333.296296                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54434.389006                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        98375                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 72166.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113450                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 113166.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 73833.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90614.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        98375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       114000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       149000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 83558.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 121092.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       153600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 73833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111861.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        98375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       114000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst       149000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 83558.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 121092.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       153600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 73833.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111861.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                   10460347                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples     52100170                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000044                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000002                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.105569                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       52100161    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            9      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total      52100170                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3216                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.550062                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.601517                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    21.827002                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3192     99.25%     99.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.25% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           24      0.75%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3216                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples        299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     34829758.303613                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    990655.698719                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06            4      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           40      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07          287      0.10%      0.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07          107      0.04%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07          104      0.03%      0.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07           90      0.03%      0.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07          165      0.06%      0.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07          103      0.03%      0.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07       298271     99.70%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total          299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        34829693.772920      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                 104202626                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean     4805.182217                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   330071.834306                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06       299163    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07            8      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total         299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth        4891.075480      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                  14633                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples        52100170                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11455.701745                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11454.335623                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev        187.229849                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383        52100157    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            6      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total          52100170                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples           3191                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11532.340959                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11529.735301                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       249.226020                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3062     95.96%     95.96% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          129      4.04%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total             3191                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples            52100170                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           57423.507236                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          23966.134044                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                16131      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000           304953      0.59%      0.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000          622211      1.19%      1.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000          446584      0.86%      2.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000         1198954      2.30%      4.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000         1935571      3.72%      8.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000         4142800      7.95%     16.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000         2786417      5.35%     21.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000         1391416      2.67%     24.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000         2340362      4.49%     29.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000         5877917     11.28%     40.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000         6846289     13.14%     53.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000         6738229     12.93%     66.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000         2790723      5.36%     71.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000         3075759      5.90%     77.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000         7745339     14.87%     92.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000         3815026      7.32%     99.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000            6929      0.01%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000             646      0.00%     99.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000            374      0.00%     99.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             17540      0.03%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          30040000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total              52100170                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              3216                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         930281937.810945                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1010816664.365659                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            21      0.65%      0.68% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             8      0.25%      0.93% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          104      3.23%      4.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            3082     95.83%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value           77000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value      8034048000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                3216                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples              52103386                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             57420.197451                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            23709.416781                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                  16132      0.03%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000             304979      0.59%      0.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000            622271      1.19%      1.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000            446687      0.86%      2.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000           1199107      2.30%      4.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000           1935795      3.72%      8.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000           4143141      7.95%     16.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000           2786814      5.35%     21.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000           1391762      2.67%     24.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000           2340772      4.49%     29.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000           5878496     11.28%     40.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000           6847050     13.14%     53.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000           6738946     12.93%     66.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000           2791367      5.36%     71.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000           3076373      5.90%     77.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000           7746026     14.87%     92.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000           3815353      7.32%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000              6751      0.01%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000               166      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000              123      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               15275      0.03%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            15494000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                52103386                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.193581                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.395739                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0           241337     80.67%     80.67% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1            57765     19.31%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2               75      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000017                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.004088                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0          299172    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               5      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples            299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean           174.144971                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            4.971431                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-15                    4      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-31                  42      0.01%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-47                   4      0.00%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-63                 299      0.10%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-79                  80      0.03%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-95                  82      0.03%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-111                 60      0.02%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-127                79      0.03%      0.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-143                52      0.02%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-159               165      0.06%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::160-175            296902     99.24%     99.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::176-191              1408      0.47%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::192-207                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::208-223                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total              299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples           299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.010743                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.121183                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                 296546     99.12%     99.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   2061      0.69%     99.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    562      0.19%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                      6      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total             299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples     52100179                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000078                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000003                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.140758                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       52100163    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           16      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total      52100179                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3176                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.919395                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.642243                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    23.702217                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3148     99.12%     99.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.12% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           28      0.88%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3176                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples        299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     34830358.617140                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1005918.896159                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           43      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07          397      0.13%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07          192      0.06%      0.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07          267      0.09%      0.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07       298271     99.70%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total          299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        34830294.085334      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                 104204422                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean     5136.758508                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   294999.061996                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06       299155     99.99%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           18      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total         299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth        5222.316907      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                  15624                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples        52100179                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11454.379811                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11453.069388                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev        183.152341                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383        52100161    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           13      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total          52100179                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples           3148                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11531.829733                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11529.390475                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       241.072345                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3047     96.79%     96.79% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          100      3.18%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.03%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total             3148                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples            52100179                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           57423.569370                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          23866.538404                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                24819      0.05%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000           312392      0.60%      0.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000          693062      1.33%      1.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000          425905      0.82%      2.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000         1102771      2.12%      4.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000         1912983      3.67%      8.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000         4093387      7.86%     16.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000         2755697      5.29%     21.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000         1322107      2.54%     24.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000         2353049      4.52%     28.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000         6023963     11.56%     40.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000         6944209     13.33%     53.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000         6810563     13.07%     66.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000         2968868      5.70%     72.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000         2865384      5.50%     77.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000         7631211     14.65%     92.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000         3834067      7.36%     99.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000            7200      0.01%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000             644      0.00%     99.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000            371      0.00%     99.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             17527      0.03%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          29046000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total              52100179                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              3176                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         941999916.246851                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1035929947.430488                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             1      0.03%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            27      0.85%      0.91% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             5      0.16%      1.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           97      3.05%      4.12% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            3045     95.88%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value           53000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value      7215159000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                3176                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples              52103355                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             57420.086154                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            23623.033097                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                  24819      0.05%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000             312421      0.60%      0.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000            693129      1.33%      1.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000            425993      0.82%      2.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000           1102903      2.12%      4.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000           1913197      3.67%      8.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000           4093726      7.86%     16.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000           2756087      5.29%     21.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000           1322500      2.54%     24.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000           2353473      4.52%     28.79% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000           6024560     11.56%     40.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000           6944958     13.33%     53.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000           6811226     13.07%     66.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000           2969514      5.70%     72.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000           2865976      5.50%     77.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000           7631839     14.65%     92.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000           3834434      7.36%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000              7042      0.01%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000               155      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000              109      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               15294      0.03%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            12086000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                52103355                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.192816                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.395255                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0           241579     80.75%     80.75% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1            57510     19.22%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2               88      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000017                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.004088                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0          299172    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               5      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples            299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean           174.145001                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            4.972382                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-15                    4      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-31                  42      0.01%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-47                   4      0.00%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-63                 295      0.10%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-79                  85      0.03%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-95                  80      0.03%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-111                 59      0.02%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-127                78      0.03%      0.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-143                56      0.02%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-159               165      0.06%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::160-175            296858     99.22%     99.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::176-191              1451      0.48%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::192-207                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::208-223                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total              299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples           299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.010612                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.121236                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                 296611     99.14%     99.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   1973      0.66%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    579      0.19%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                     13      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total             299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples     52100142                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000093                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000004                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.153388                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       52100123    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           19      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total      52100142                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3231                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.551532                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.610636                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    21.775986                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3207     99.26%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.26% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           24      0.74%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3231                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples        299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     34830503.013266                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1000918.093512                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           44      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07          394      0.13%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07          190      0.06%      0.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07          266      0.09%      0.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07       298274     99.70%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total          299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        34830524.049110      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                 104205110                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean     4915.484813                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   259400.959307                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06       299156     99.99%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           18      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total         299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth        4915.475706      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                  14706                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples        52100142                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11455.762255                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11454.385209                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev        188.784622                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383        52100120    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           15      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total          52100142                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples           3208                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11526.807980                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11524.448391                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       236.987192                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3106     96.82%     96.82% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          102      3.18%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total             3208                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples            52100142                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           57423.894641                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          24043.887028                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                16125      0.03%      0.03% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000           304927      0.59%      0.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000          622247      1.19%      1.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000          446614      0.86%      2.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000         1198966      2.30%      4.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000         1935606      3.72%      8.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000         4142604      7.95%     16.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000         2786503      5.35%     21.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000         1391518      2.67%     24.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000         2340383      4.49%     29.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000         5877855     11.28%     40.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000         6846274     13.14%     53.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000         6738157     12.93%     66.50% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000         2790793      5.36%     71.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000         3075599      5.90%     77.76% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000         7745361     14.87%     92.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000         3815252      7.32%     99.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000            6765      0.01%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000             656      0.00%     99.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000            379      0.00%     99.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             17558      0.03%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          27177000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total              52100142                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              3231                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         925957627.359950                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        993048970.463596                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             1      0.03%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            26      0.80%      0.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             9      0.28%      1.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          104      3.22%      4.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            3090     95.64%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           58000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value      7307754000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                3231                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples              52103373                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             57419.962946                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            23633.687192                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                  16126      0.03%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000             304952      0.59%      0.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000            622300      1.19%      1.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000            446715      0.86%      2.67% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000           1199120      2.30%      4.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000           1935822      3.72%      8.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000           4142969      7.95%     16.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000           2786875      5.35%     21.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000           1391887      2.67%     24.66% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000           2340789      4.49%     29.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000           5878448     11.28%     40.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000           6847065     13.14%     53.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000           6738849     12.93%     66.51% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000           2791464      5.36%     71.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000           3076178      5.90%     77.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000           7746050     14.87%     92.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000           3815602      7.32%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000              6603      0.01%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000               166      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000              123      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               15270      0.03%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            11070000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                52103373                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.192618                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.395127                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0           241641     80.77%     80.77% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1            57445     19.20%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2               91      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000013                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.003656                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0          299173    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               4      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples            299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean           174.144874                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            4.971622                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-15                    4      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-31                  42      0.01%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-47                   4      0.00%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-63                 293      0.10%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-79                  84      0.03%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-95                  85      0.03%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-111                 60      0.02%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-127                77      0.03%      0.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-143                52      0.02%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-159               168      0.06%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::160-175            296934     99.25%     99.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::176-191              1374      0.46%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::192-207                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::208-223                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total              299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples           299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.010800                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.122372                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                 296559     99.12%     99.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   2027      0.68%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    573      0.19%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                     16      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total             299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples     52100295                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000068                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000003                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.131667                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       52100281    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           14      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total      52100295                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3076                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.462289                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.589883                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    21.372991                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3054     99.28%     99.28% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.28% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.28% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.28% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.28% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.28% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.28% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.28% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.28% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.28% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.28% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.28% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.28% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.28% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.28% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.28% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           22      0.72%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3076                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples        299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     34830266.364059                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1001056.174300                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06           43      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07          396      0.13%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07          193      0.06%      0.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07          266      0.09%      0.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07       298273     99.70%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total          299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        34830201.832424      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                 104204146                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples       299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean     4502.351451                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   294742.139425                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06       299163    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            9      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total         299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth        4587.911026      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                  13726                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples        52100295                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11454.474895                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11453.167540                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev        180.640556                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::8192-16383     52100280    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::90112-98303           13      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total          52100295                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples           3054                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11528.945645                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11526.481227                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       242.409299                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         2950     96.59%     96.59% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311          103      3.37%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.03%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total             3054                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples            52100295                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           57423.492554                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          23826.763528                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                24811      0.05%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000           312455      0.60%      0.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000          692995      1.33%      1.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000          425921      0.82%      2.79% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000         1102830      2.12%      4.91% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000         1912824      3.67%      8.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000         4093500      7.86%     16.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000         2755770      5.29%     21.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000         1322115      2.54%     24.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000         2353162      4.52%     28.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000         6023771     11.56%     40.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000         6944091     13.33%     53.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000         6810699     13.07%     66.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000         2968894      5.70%     72.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000         2865484      5.50%     77.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000         7631067     14.65%     92.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000         3834192      7.36%     99.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000            7283      0.01%     99.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000             654      0.00%     99.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000            366      0.00%     99.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             17411      0.03%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          27400000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total              52100295                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              3076                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         972625477.243173                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1046933012.858866                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             1      0.03%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.07% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            20      0.65%      0.72% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             5      0.16%      0.88% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000           89      2.89%      3.77% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2960     96.23%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value           48000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value      7273858000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                3076                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples              52103371                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             57420.183850                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            23816.423553                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                  24813      0.05%      0.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000             312482      0.60%      0.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000            693054      1.33%      1.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000            426013      0.82%      2.80% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000           1102955      2.12%      4.91% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000           1913059      3.67%      8.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000           4093845      7.86%     16.44% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000           2756131      5.29%     21.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000           1322510      2.54%     24.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000           2353567      4.52%     28.79% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000           6024319     11.56%     40.35% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000           6944833     13.33%     53.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000           6811376     13.07%     66.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000           2969504      5.70%     72.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000           2866039      5.50%     77.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000           7631674     14.65%     92.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000           3834523      7.36%     99.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000              7113      0.01%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000               165      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000              116      0.00%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               15280      0.03%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            27400000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                52103371                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.193324                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.395692                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0           241432     80.70%     80.70% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1            57652     19.27%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2               93      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000003                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.001828                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0          299176    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               1      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples            299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean           174.145389                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            4.971185                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-15                    4      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-31                  42      0.01%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-47                   5      0.00%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-63                 296      0.10%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-79                  81      0.03%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-95                  84      0.03%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-111                 59      0.02%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-127                76      0.03%      0.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-143                54      0.02%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-159               168      0.06%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::160-175            296788     99.20%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::176-191              1520      0.51%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::192-207                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::208-223                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::224-239                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total              299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples           299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.010278                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.117655                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                 296634     99.15%     99.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   2022      0.68%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    513      0.17%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                      7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total             299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples    208401193                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        2.000567                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       2.000022                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev       0.379411                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       208400728    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271          465      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total      208401193                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        12699                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       4.621545                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.611133                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     22.189378                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          12601     99.23%     99.23% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.23% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           98      0.77%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         12699                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples         299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      139320886.298078                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     3948891.699393                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07            3      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           40      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07          293      0.10%      0.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          103      0.03%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07          103      0.03%      0.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08           88      0.03%      0.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          170      0.06%      0.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           96      0.03%      0.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08       298274     99.70%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total           299177                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         139320713.739787      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                  416816304                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     19359.776988                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    938131.802013                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       299141     99.99%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           14      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            8      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            4      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            5      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total          299177                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        19616.779119      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                   58689                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples        208400786                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20036.010294                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20035.317566                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev         175.484088                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767    208400722    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            6      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           48      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            5      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total          208400786                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples           12601                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20194.468693                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20192.280013                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        299.696204                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479         8300     65.87%     65.87% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527         4301     34.13%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total             12601                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples            208401193                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            14355.882356                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           16317.439587                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000              86960236     41.73%     41.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000          32423866     15.56%     57.29% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000          8086553      3.88%     61.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000         14149852      6.79%     67.96% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000         24361247     11.69%     79.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000         15505561      7.44%     87.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000          9468806      4.54%     91.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000          2612675      1.25%     92.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          2625924      1.26%     94.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000          4724610      2.27%     96.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000          4610485      2.21%     98.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000          1161146      0.56%     99.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000           911139      0.44%     99.62% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000           287198      0.14%     99.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000           402778      0.19%     99.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            90779      0.04%     99.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            12738      0.01%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000             4867      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000               52      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              59      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows                622      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           27005000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total              208401193                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              12699                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          235591427.868336                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         481782672.909565                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   7      0.06%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              1      0.01%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000              3      0.02%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              1      0.01%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              4      0.03%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              0      0.00%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              1      0.01%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              1      0.01%      0.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              2      0.02%      0.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              5      0.04%      0.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              1      0.01%      0.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              0      0.00%      0.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              2      0.02%      0.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              1      0.01%      0.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              1      0.01%      0.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           3902     30.73%     30.96% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            417      3.28%     34.25% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          2279     17.95%     52.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows             6071     47.81%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value             1000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value       3708244000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                12699                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples              208413892                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              14354.971801                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             16217.393008                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                86966529     41.73%     41.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            32426782     15.56%     57.29% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            8089433      3.88%     61.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000           14152195      6.79%     67.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000           24361595     11.69%     79.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000           15505811      7.44%     87.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            9468256      4.54%     91.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            2612705      1.25%     92.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            2626088      1.26%     94.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            4724399      2.27%     96.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            4609708      2.21%     98.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            1160837      0.56%     99.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000             910844      0.44%     99.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000             287098      0.14%     99.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000             402603      0.19%     99.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000              90704      0.04%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000              12697      0.01%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000               4860      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 52      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                58      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                  638      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              7793500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                208413892                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       1.397905                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      1.207996                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0             82310     27.51%     27.51% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1             90725     30.32%     57.84% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2             71445     23.88%     81.72% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3             38145     12.75%     94.47% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4             13038      4.36%     98.83% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5              3065      1.02%     99.85% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6               449      0.15%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total        299177                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.000094                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.009674                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0           299149     99.99%     99.99% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1               28      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total       299177                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples             299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            696.581596                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            19.800529                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-63                     4      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-127                  42      0.01%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-191                  4      0.00%      0.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-255                298      0.10%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-319                 80      0.03%      0.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-383                 84      0.03%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-447                 60      0.02%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-511                 76      0.03%      0.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-575                 55      0.02%      0.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-639                166      0.06%      0.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::640-703             298308     99.71%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::704-767                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::768-831                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::832-895                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::896-959                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::960-1023                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::1024-1087                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::1088-1151                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::1152-1215                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::1216-1279                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total               299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples            299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.042433                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            0.357050                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                294977     98.60%     98.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                  4167      1.39%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                    13      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                    18      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total              299177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   278279298                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                  139222265                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               278279300                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses              139222265                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        417501563                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    417501565                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                  1076318289                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses              1076318289                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                       1076318289                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                   1076318289                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5982749443                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  974043485                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   1043774382                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1008928199                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   69561567                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     34851355                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1008928199                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         1565908628                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         800136995                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          3966238295                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          382677224                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    417519223                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  278290911                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 139228312                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              805963.025074                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              5981943479.974926                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.999865                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000135                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        104417816                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                626270053     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    7664      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                16      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               278290911     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              139228312     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                1043796956                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      13                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            22744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1076407998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            22744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         47327.119152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2152659322                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      2152659322                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst   1076295545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1076295545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst   1076295545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1076295545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst   1076295545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1076295545                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst        22744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        22744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst        22744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         22744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst        22744                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        22744                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    319793116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    319793116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    319793116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    319793116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    319793116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    319793116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst   1076318289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1076318289                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst   1076318289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1076318289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst   1076318289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1076318289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14060.548540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14060.548540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14060.548540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14060.548540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14060.548540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14060.548540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        22744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        22744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        22744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    273956884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    273956884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    273956884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    273956884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    273956884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    273956884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12045.237601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12045.237601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12045.237601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12045.237601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12045.237601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12045.237601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry              1301                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             1795                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          220.438043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           84235862                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1795                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs         46928.056825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   220.438043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.861086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.861086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.781250                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        765506103                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       765506103                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data    243522747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      243522747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data    139215112                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     139215112                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         3928                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         3928                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         1866                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1866                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data    382737859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       382737859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data    382741787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      382741787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         2531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         2487                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2487                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           75                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          396                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          396                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         5018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          5018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         5093                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         5093                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     28273486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     28273486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     96746454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     96746454                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       726997                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       726997                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     23566497                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     23566497                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    125019940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    125019940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    125019940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    125019940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data    243525278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    243525278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data    139217599                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    139217599                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4003                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         4003                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2271                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2271                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2262                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data    382742877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    382742877                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data    382746880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    382746880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.018736                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.018736                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.031704                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.031704                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.175066                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.175066                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11170.875543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11170.875543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 38900.866104                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38900.866104                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10097.180556                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10097.180556                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 59511.356061                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59511.356061                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 24914.296532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24914.296532                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 24547.406244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24547.406244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          693                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total              693                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           63                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           63                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         2487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2487                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           75                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          396                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          396                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         5018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         5093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     23199514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23199514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     91736546                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91736546                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       669003                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       669003                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        63000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        63000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     22771503                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22771503                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    114936060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    114936060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    115605063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115605063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 1461637912134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1461637912134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     97237000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     97237000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 1461735149134                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1461735149134                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.018736                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018736                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003963                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003963                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.175066                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175066                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  9166.145397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9166.145397                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 36886.427825                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36886.427825                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8920.040000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8920.040000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data         7000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         7000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 57503.795455                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57503.795455                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 22904.754882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22904.754882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 22698.814648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22698.814648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry           1801891                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                   278092098                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                  139111731                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses               278092100                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses              139111731                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                        417203829                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                    417203831                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                  1076558581                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses              1076558581                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                       1076558581                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                   1076558581                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5981152548                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  973374379                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1043033095                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1008216685                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   69518021                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     34819969                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1008216685                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1564738656                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         799575955                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          3963436756                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          382407206                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    417217712                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  278101377                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 139116335                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5004819.653132                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              5976147728.346869                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.999163                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000837                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        104342929                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                625825655     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    7653      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                28      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               278101377     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              139116335     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1043051048                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      29                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            16546                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1076648905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            16546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         65070.041400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2153133708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      2153133708                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst   1076542035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1076542035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst   1076542035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1076542035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst   1076542035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1076542035                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst        16546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        16546                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst        16546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         16546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst        16546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        16546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    236437158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    236437158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    236437158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    236437158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    236437158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    236437158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst   1076558581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1076558581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst   1076558581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1076558581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst   1076558581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1076558581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14289.686813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14289.686813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14289.686813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14289.686813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14289.686813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14289.686813                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        16546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        16546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        16546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    203062842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    203062842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    203062842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    203062842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    203062842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    203062842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12272.624320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12272.624320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12272.624320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12272.624320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 12272.624320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12272.624320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry              1058                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             2418                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          197.164167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs         1152907279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2418                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs         476802.017783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   197.164167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.770173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.770173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.710938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        764948993                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       764948993                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data    243354973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      243354973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data    139105779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     139105779                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1619                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1619                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1670                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1633                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1633                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data    382460752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       382460752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data    382462371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      382462371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         4185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4185                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1834                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1834                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           43                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           43                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           59                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           59                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         6019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          6019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         6062                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         6062                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     41019474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     41019474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     32617980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32617980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       645999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       645999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2972998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2972998                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     73637454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     73637454                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     73637454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     73637454                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data    243359158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    243359158                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data    139107613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    139107613                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1662                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         1662                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1729                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1729                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1715                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1715                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data    382466771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    382466771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data    382468433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    382468433                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.025872                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.025872                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.034124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.034124                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.047813                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.047813                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9801.546953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9801.546953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 17785.158124                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17785.158124                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10949.135593                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10949.135593                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 36256.073171                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36256.073171                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 12234.167470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12234.167470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 12147.386011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12147.386011                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1001                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total             1001                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           42                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1834                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           43                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         6019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         6062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     32625526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32625526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     28930020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28930020                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       427501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       427501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       198500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       198500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2807002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2807002                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     61555546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61555546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     61983047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61983047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 1459909121658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1459909121658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     97252500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     97252500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 1460006374158                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1460006374158                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.025872                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025872                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.009832                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009832                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.047813                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047813                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7795.824612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7795.824612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 15774.274809                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15774.274809                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9941.883721                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9941.883721                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 11676.470588                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11676.470588                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 34231.731707                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34231.731707                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10226.872570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10226.872570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10224.851039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10224.851039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry            927819                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                   278325569                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                  139227547                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses               278325571                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses              139227547                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                        417553116                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                    417553118                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                  1076623865                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses              1076623865                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                       1076623865                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                   1076623865                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5983540400                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  974189762                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   1043905122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1009060343                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                   69576265                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     34848174                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1009060343                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         1566044727                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         800246343                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads          3966751638                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          382727598                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    417566589                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  278334735                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                 139231854                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              12612.995474                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              5983527787.004525                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999998                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000002                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        104429351                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                626348365     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    7637      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                16      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               278334735     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite              139231854     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                1043922607                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      13                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            16160                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         1076694395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            16160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         66627.128403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2153263890                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      2153263890                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst   1076607705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1076607705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst   1076607705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      1076607705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst   1076607705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     1076607705                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst        16160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        16160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst        16160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         16160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst        16160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        16160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    231515664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    231515664                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    231515664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    231515664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    231515664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    231515664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst   1076623865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1076623865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst   1076623865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   1076623865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst   1076623865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   1076623865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14326.464356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14326.464356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14326.464356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14326.464356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 14326.464356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14326.464356                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        16160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        16160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        16160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    198936336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    198936336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    198936336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    198936336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    198936336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    198936336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 12310.416832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12310.416832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 12310.416832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12310.416832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 12310.416832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12310.416832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry               950                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements             1509                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          215.797759                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             169548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1509                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           112.357853                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   215.797759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.842960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.842960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.894531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        765587905                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses       765587905                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data    243559309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      243559309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data    139222034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     139222034                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         1581                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1581                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         1631                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1631                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         1564                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1564                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data    382781343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       382781343                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data    382782924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      382782924                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         3859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         1459                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1459                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           36                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           88                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           88                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         5318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          5318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         5354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         5354                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     36400464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     36400464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     27870485                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27870485                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       237999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       237999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2822997                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2822997                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     64270949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     64270949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     64270949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     64270949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data    243563168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    243563168                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data    139223493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    139223493                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1617                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         1617                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1663                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data    382786661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    382786661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data    382788278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    382788278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.022263                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.022263                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.019242                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.019242                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.053269                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.053269                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  9432.615704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9432.615704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 19102.457162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19102.457162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  7437.468750                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7437.468750                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 32079.511364                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32079.511364                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 12085.548891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12085.548891                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 12004.286328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12004.286328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         3859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           36                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           88                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           88                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         5318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         5354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     28647536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28647536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     24939515                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24939515                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       220001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       220001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        25000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        25000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2644003                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2644003                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     53587051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53587051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     53807052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53807052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 1461991251180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1461991251180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     97546500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     97546500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 1462088797680                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1462088797680                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.022263                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022263                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.004811                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004811                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.053269                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053269                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  7423.564654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7423.564654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 17093.567512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17093.567512                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  6111.138889                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6111.138889                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data         3125                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3125                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 30045.488636                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30045.488636                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10076.542121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10076.542121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10049.878969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10049.878969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry           1691189                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                   277975851                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                  139053110                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses               277975853                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses              139053110                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                        417028961                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                    417028963                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                  1075266717                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses              1075266717                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                       1075266717                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                   1075266717                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5981188450                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  972967098                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1042595707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses           1007794347                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   69488973                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     34804999                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                  1007794347                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         1564081631                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         799241399                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads          3961775406                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          382247323                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    417042763                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  277985090                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                 139057673                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7494125.864882                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              5973694324.135118                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.998747                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.001253                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        104298860                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                625563117     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    7646      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                20      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               277985090     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite              139057673     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1042613546                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      20                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            16331                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         1075316020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            16331                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         65845.081134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2150549765                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      2150549765                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst   1075250386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1075250386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst   1075250386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      1075250386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst   1075250386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     1075250386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst        16331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        16331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst        16331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         16331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst        16331                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        16331                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    239793216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    239793216                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    239793216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    239793216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    239793216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    239793216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst   1075266717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1075266717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst   1075266717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   1075266717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst   1075266717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   1075266717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14683.314923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14683.314923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14683.314923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14683.314923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14683.314923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14683.314923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        16331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        16331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        16331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16331                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    206902784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    206902784                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    206902784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    206902784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    206902784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    206902784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 12669.327292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12669.327292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 12669.327292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12669.327292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 12669.327292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12669.327292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry              1164                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             1762                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          200.226457                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             408062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           231.590238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   200.226457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.782135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.782135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        764627663                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses       764627663                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data    243253162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      243253162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data    139047504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     139047504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1592                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1592                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1637                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1637                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data    382300666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       382300666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data    382302258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      382302258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         4124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4124                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         1521                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1521                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           45                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           45                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           56                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           79                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           79                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data         5645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total          5645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data         5690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total         5690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     37610927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     37610927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     32849488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     32849488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       579497                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       579497                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3771000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3771000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     70460415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     70460415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     70460415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     70460415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data    243257286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    243257286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data    139049025                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    139049025                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1637                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         1637                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1693                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1693                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data    382306311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    382306311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data    382307948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    382307948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.027489                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.027489                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.033077                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.033077                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.046968                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046968                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  9120.011397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9120.011397                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 21597.296515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21597.296515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10348.160714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10348.160714                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 47734.177215                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47734.177215                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12481.915855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12481.915855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12383.201230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12383.201230                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total              696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         4124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         1521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           45                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           78                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         5645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         5690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     29302073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29302073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     29796512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29796512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       475502                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       475502                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        91001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        91001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      3615000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3615000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     59098585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59098585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     59574087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59574087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 1460146682661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1460146682661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     97822000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     97822000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 1460244504661                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1460244504661                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.027489                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027489                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.007088                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007088                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.046373                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046373                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7105.255335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7105.255335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 19590.080210                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19590.080210                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10566.711111                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10566.711111                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7583.416667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7583.416667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 46346.153846                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46346.153846                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10469.191320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10469.191320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10469.962566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10469.962566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry           1655168                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                   278079616                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                        12                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                  139109998                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        1                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses               278079628                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses              139109999                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                        417189614                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                             13                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                    417189627                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                  1075596543                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         3                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses              1075596546                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                       1075596543                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                   1075596546                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                      5981156209                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                  973335908                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                   1042989068                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses           1008172004                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                   69513007                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts     34820696                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                  1008172004                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads         1564680418                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes         799535776                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads          3963266657                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes          382389896                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                    417203387                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                  278088803                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                 139114584                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              5323209.805164                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              5975832999.194836                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.999110                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.000890                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                        104338653                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                625795812     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                    7646      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                20      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead               278088803     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite              139114584     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                1043006865                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                      19                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements            16251                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs         1075597786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs            16251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs         66186.559966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2151209337                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses      2151209337                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst   1075580292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1075580292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst   1075580292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total      1075580292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst   1075580292                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total     1075580292                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst        16251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        16251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst        16251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total         16251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst        16251                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total        16251                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    235107611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    235107611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    235107611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    235107611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    235107611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    235107611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst   1075596543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1075596543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst   1075596543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total   1075596543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst   1075596543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total   1075596543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 14467.270383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14467.270383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 14467.270383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14467.270383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 14467.270383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14467.270383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        16251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        16251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        16251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    202316389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    202316389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    202316389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    202316389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    202316389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    202316389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 12449.473202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12449.473202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 12449.473202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12449.473202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 12449.473202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12449.473202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry              1123                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements             2098                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          221.115150                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs             153728                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs            73.273594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   221.115150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.863731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.863731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        764924995                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses       764924995                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data    243344690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      243344690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data    139104504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     139104504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         1602                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1602                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         1634                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1634                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1602                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data    382449194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total       382449194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data    382450796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total      382450796                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         4310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         1426                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1426                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           33                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           33                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           66                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           66                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data         5736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total          5736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data         5769                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total         5769                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     42659451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42659451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     31260990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31260990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       741499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       741499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2478489                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2478489                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     73920441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     73920441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     73920441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     73920441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data    243349000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    243349000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data    139105930                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    139105930                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         1635                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         1635                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         1678                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1678                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         1668                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1668                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data    382454930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total    382454930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data    382456565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total    382456565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.020183                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.020183                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.026222                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.026222                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.039568                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.039568                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  9897.784455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9897.784455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 21922.152875                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21922.152875                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 16852.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16852.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 37552.863636                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37552.863636                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 12887.106172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12887.106172                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 12813.388976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12813.388976                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          563                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total              563                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           31                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         4310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         1426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1426                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           33                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           66                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         5736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         5769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     33997549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33997549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     28399010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28399010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       651501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       651501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        80000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        80000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      2342511                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2342511                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     62396559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62396559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     63048060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63048060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data 1460729684200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1460729684200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     97582500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     97582500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data 1460827266700                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1460827266700                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.020183                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020183                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.007747                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007747                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.039568                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039568                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  7888.062413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7888.062413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 19915.154278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19915.154278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 19742.454545                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19742.454545                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  6153.846154                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6153.846154                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 35492.590909                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35492.590909                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10878.061192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10878.061192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10928.767551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10928.767551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry           1790374                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                   278061087                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                        20                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                  139096141                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        2                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses               278061107                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses              139096143                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                        417157228                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                             22                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                    417157250                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                  1075101310                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                        11                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses              1075101321                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                       1075101310                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                             11                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                   1075101321                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                      5981162051                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                  973263609                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                   1042913614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses           1008102232                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                   145                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                   69510333                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts     34815005                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                  1008102232                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                          145                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads         1564561197                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes         799485777                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                  81                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                 64                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads          3962984921                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes          382362238                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                    417171046                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                  278070321                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                 139100725                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              5734931.555999                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              5975427119.444001                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.999041                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.000959                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                        104330237                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                625752753     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                    7655      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                29      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead               278070321     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite              139100725     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                1042931483                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                      20                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements            16279                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs         1075075656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs            16279                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs         66040.644757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2150218899                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses      2150218899                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst   1075085032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1075085032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst   1075085032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total      1075085032                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst   1075085032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total     1075085032                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst        16278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        16278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst        16278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total         16278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst        16278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total        16278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    231628182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    231628182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    231628182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    231628182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    231628182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    231628182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst   1075101310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1075101310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst   1075101310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total   1075101310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst   1075101310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total   1075101310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14229.523406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14229.523406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14229.523406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14229.523406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 14229.523406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14229.523406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        16278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        16278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        16278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    198815818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    198815818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    198815818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    198815818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    198815818                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    198815818                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12213.774297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12213.774297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12213.774297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12213.774297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 12213.774297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12213.774297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry               891                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements             1215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          223.277692                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs          329256451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs         270992.963786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   223.277692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.872178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.872178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.804688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        764862386                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses       764862386                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data    243328514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      243328514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data    139090491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     139090491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         1607                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1607                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         1661                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1661                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         1619                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1619                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data    382419005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total       382419005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data    382420612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total      382420612                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         3414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         1560                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1560                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           36                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           36                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           43                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           43                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           69                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           69                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data         4974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          4974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data         5010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         5010                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     29059466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     29059466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     29683472                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29683472                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       428499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       428499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2616996                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2616996                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     58742938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     58742938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     58742938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     58742938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data    243331928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    243331928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data    139092051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    139092051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         1643                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         1643                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         1704                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1704                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         1688                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1688                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data    382423979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total    382423979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data    382425622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total    382425622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.021911                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.021911                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.025235                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.025235                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.040877                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.040877                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  8511.852958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8511.852958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 19027.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19027.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9965.093023                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9965.093023                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 37927.478261                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37927.478261                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11809.999598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11809.999598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11725.137325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11725.137325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          420                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              420                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         3414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         1560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1560                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           36                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           69                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         4974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         5010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     22200532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22200532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     26539528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26539528                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       337501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       337501                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        88000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        88000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2476004                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2476004                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     48740060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48740060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     49077561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49077561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data 1461085284655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1461085284655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     98057000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     98057000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data 1461183341655                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1461183341655                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.021911                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021911                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.005869                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005869                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.040877                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040877                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  6502.792033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6502.792033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 17012.517949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17012.517949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9375.027778                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9375.027778                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data         8800                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8800                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 35884.115942                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35884.115942                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9798.966626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9798.966626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  9795.920359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9795.920359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry           2141793                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                       12135                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                      10418                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                   12135                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                  10418                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                            22553                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                        22553                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                       54129                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                   54129                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                            54129                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                        54129                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                      5904977833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                      53781                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                        60647                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                55130                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                       2619                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts         6491                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                       55130                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads              99152                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes             37408                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads              223363                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes              22376                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                        23942                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                      12434                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                     11508                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              5904743826.459150                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              234006.540850                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000040                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999960                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                             9156                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                    38035     61.19%     61.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                     175      0.28%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     61.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                10      0.02%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     61.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                   12434     20.00%     81.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                  11508     18.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                     62162                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements              865                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs              51542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs              865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs            59.586127                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses           109123                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses          109123                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst        53264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          53264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst        53264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total           53264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst        53264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total          53264                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst          865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst          865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total           865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst          865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total          865                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12693468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12693468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12693468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12693468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     12693468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12693468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        54129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        54129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        54129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total        54129                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        54129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total        54129                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14674.529480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14674.529480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14674.529480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14674.529480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 14674.529480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14674.529480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst          865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     10932532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10932532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     10932532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10932532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst     10932532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10932532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.015980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12638.765318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12638.765318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12638.765318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12638.765318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12638.765318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12638.765318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                58                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements              272                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          192.490351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs               6914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              272                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs            25.419118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   192.490351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.751915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.751915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            45418                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses           45418                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        11632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          11632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data        10259                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         10259                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           99                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           99                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           96                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           96                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data        21891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total           21891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data        21990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total          21990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           54                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data          335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total           335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data          345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total          345                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3374996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3374996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1100998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1100998                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       107500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       107500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        99000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        99000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      4475994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4475994                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      4475994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4475994                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        11913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        11913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data        10313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        10313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          109                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          109                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          109                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          103                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          103                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data        22226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total        22226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data        22335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total        22335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.023588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.005236                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005236                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.091743                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.091743                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.091743                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.091743                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.067961                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.067961                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.015072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.015447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12010.661922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12010.661922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 20388.851852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20388.851852                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        10750                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        10750                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 14142.857143                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14142.857143                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 13361.176119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13361.176119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12973.895652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12973.895652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total               79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          345                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      2809004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2809004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       991002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       991002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       109500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       109500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        85000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        85000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3800006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3800006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3909506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3909506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       153000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       153000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data        63000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        63000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data       216000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       216000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.023588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.005236                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005236                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.091743                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091743                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.067961                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067961                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.015072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.015447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  9996.455516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9996.455516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 18351.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18351.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        10950                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10950                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12142.857143                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12142.857143                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 11343.301493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11343.301493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 11331.901449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11331.901449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                36                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        6502                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         5                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       5035                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        1                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    6507                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   5036                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                            11537                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              6                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                        11543                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       30118                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         1                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       2                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   30119                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            30118                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        30119                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                      5983551134                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      29517                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        35140                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                31633                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1752                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         3929                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       31633                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              54953                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             21854                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads              127854                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              13677                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        12334                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       6706                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      5628                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              5983401625.724800                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              149508.275199                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000025                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999975                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             5791                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    23627     65.57%     65.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      61      0.17%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                10      0.03%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    6706     18.61%     84.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   5628     15.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     36032                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              566                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              31322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs            55.339223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            60802                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           60802                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        29552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          29552                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        29552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           29552                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        29552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          29552                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10651991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10651991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10651991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10651991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10651991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10651991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        30118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        30118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        30118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        30118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        30118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        30118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 18819.772085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18819.772085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 18819.772085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18819.772085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 18819.772085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18819.772085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      9513009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9513009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      9513009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9513009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      9513009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9513009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16807.436396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16807.436396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16807.436396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16807.436396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 16807.436396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16807.436396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                67                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              211                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          223.348340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               7595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            35.995261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   223.348340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.872454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.872454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.910156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            23351                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           23351                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         6005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           6005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         4820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          4820                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           79                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           79                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data          123                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          123                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data        10825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total           10825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data        10904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total          10904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           12                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           16                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           323                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3696990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3696990                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1906000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1906000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       132500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       132500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       358500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       358500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5602990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      5602990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5602990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      5602990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         6260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         4888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         4888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           91                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          143                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          143                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data        11148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total        11148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data        11239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total        11239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.040735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013912                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013912                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.131868                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.131868                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.110345                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.110345                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.139860                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.139860                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.028974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.029807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        14498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        14498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28029.411765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28029.411765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  8281.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8281.250000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        17925                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        17925                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 17346.718266                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17346.718266                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 16725.343284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16725.343284                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           20                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3182010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3182010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1770000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1770000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       116500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       116500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         8000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         8000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       318500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       318500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4952010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4952010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5068510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5068510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       192000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       192000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       160500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       160500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       352500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       352500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.040735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013912                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013912                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.131868                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131868                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.027586                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027586                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.139860                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139860                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.028974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.029807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 12478.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12478.470588                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26029.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26029.411765                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  9708.333333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9708.333333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        15925                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15925                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15331.300310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15331.300310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 15129.880597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15129.880597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                47                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.pim 2991775543000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -59150649.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       59266771.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -110939920358.400009
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       139833995414.400024
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -39903216.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       39981552.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -74840422464.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       94332457224.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -225615936.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       225847564.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -91208719180.800003
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       115057597824.000015
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -100515686.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       100843315.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -955615242.240000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       955781130.240000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -6698858566164.478516
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       8348166619176.966797
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -6698858566164.478516
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       8348166619176.966797
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -1945416998232.000244
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       2424231610934.399902
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -2440890818844.481445
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       3048452848768.320801
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -21624276322128.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       26948473027680.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -21189650163696.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       26400910538352.000000
total_sim_seconds                       2.99178
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       47779478068.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       5983551086.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       11912521115.083675
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       6050360573.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       434497708.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       529.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       626172793.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       48584854.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       1668890377.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       288467206.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       834866619.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       96405563.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       5841257539.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       483021482.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       9390169362.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       963638022.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       4798281507.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       289542842.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       465.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       64.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       417172537.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       22834.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       6050360573.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       434497708.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       529.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       6455549567.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       15.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       6455549552.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       105741.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       1460403991.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       834810912.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       2503668450.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       49.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       22959.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       10409.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       833816632
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       58.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       95556356.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       98.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       448.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       192.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       47774595.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       406.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       656.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       1.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       208400765.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       12601.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       416826658.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
