sim_seconds                                  3.951183                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3951182839000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               31976063023500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                4341622                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  4632158                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              419154231                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2603424                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9426.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 40926564594                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   43665315005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys2.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys2.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3604001727270                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF 347180634000                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::0     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::1     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::2     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls3.averagePower::3     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys1.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys1.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_read::total              1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::writebacks         3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bytes_written::total           3328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_reads::total                  7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::writebacks           13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.num_writes::total                13                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu4.data           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_read::total                  454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::writebacks            842                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_write::total                 842                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::writebacks            842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu4.data           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.bw_total::total                1296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                          7                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                        13                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                       56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                     104                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                  1792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                   3072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                   1792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                3328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           22                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                 3948516138000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                   56                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                 104                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::samples           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::mean   211.478261                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::gmean   174.218906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::stdev    85.069421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::32-63            4     17.39%     17.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::224-255            4     17.39%     34.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::256-287           15     65.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesPerActivate::total           23                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::mean            18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.039645                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     25.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     25.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::48               1     25.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.rdPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::samples            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::24               4    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.wrPerTurnAround::total            4                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                     1610800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                2560000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                    179200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                    28764.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat               45714.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                     29.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                      49                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                     80                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate               76.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                 197425806900.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                   80.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE  3603999173008                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF   347180634000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT        2554262                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::0                1787184                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::1                1923264                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::2           1765411.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actEnergy::3                1775088                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                1205640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                1297440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                1190952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                1197480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::0          6912422.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::1               7288320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::2          6619891.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.readEnergy::3          6685286.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0         3108741.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1         3281264.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2         3025797.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3         3032847.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0       145231154726.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1       145233087655.679993                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2       145232324311.679993                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3       145232169782.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0       1614677215584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1       1614675520032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2       1614676189632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3       1614676325184                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0         2260114657515.839844                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1         2260115671194.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2         2260114389213.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3         2260114458886.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::0           77.842250                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::1           77.842285                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::2           77.842241                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5.averagePower::3           77.842243                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_read::total              1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::writebacks         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bytes_written::total           2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_reads::total                  5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::writebacks           10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.num_writes::total                10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu4.data           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_read::total                  324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst           65                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_inst_read::total              65                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::writebacks            648                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_write::total                 648                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::writebacks            648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu4.data           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.bw_total::total                 972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                          5                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                        10                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                       40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                      80                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                  1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                   1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          546                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0               15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                 3951176480000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                   40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                  80                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::samples           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::mean   199.111111                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::gmean   161.313541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::stdev    89.543213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::64-95            1      5.56%     22.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::192-223            1      5.56%     27.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     16.67%     44.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::256-287           10     55.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesPerActivate::total           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::mean     21.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    14.536965                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.094011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::8                2     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::48               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                     1590600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                2268600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                    128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                    39765.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat               56715.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                     29.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                      34                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                85.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate               75.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                 263411765333.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                   78.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE  3603999721147                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF   347180634000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT        2006123                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::0           1737590.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::1           1975881.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::2           1738195.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actEnergy::3           1809561.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                1172184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                1332936                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                1172592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                1220736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::0          6695769.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::1          7462540.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::2          6609907.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.readEnergy::3          6783129.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0         3058974.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1         3354670.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2         2926264.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3         3052339.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0       145229975291.519989                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1       145234134504                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2       145231189473.600006                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3       145232703959.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0       1614678250176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1       1614674601744                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2       1614677185104                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3       1614675856608.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0         2260114163204.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1         2260116135494.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2         2260114094754.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3         2260114699551.360352                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::0           77.842233                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::1           77.842301                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::2           77.842231                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6.averagePower::3           77.842252                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total               768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_inst_read::total          512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::writebacks         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total           1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total                  3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::writebacks            7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total                 7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total                  194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst           65                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst           65                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_inst_read::total             130                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::writebacks            454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total                 454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::writebacks            454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total                 648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          3                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         7                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                       24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                      56                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                   768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                    768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                1792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          804                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 3951175599000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                   24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                  56                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.800000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.446100                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    90.347899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     20.00%     20.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     20.00%     40.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-287            9     60.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total           15                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean            16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    14.536965                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev            8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8                1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16               1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                      598800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                1005600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                     76800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     36.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                      21                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate              107.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 395117559900.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                  101.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE  3603999865261                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF   347180634000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT        1862009                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0           1841011.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1           1764806.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::2                1817424                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::3           1895443.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                1241952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                1190544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                1226040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                1278672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0          6995788.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1          6740198.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::2          6792614.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::3          7269849.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0         3244769.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1         2999255.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2         3095470.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3         3178828.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0       145232160698.880005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1       145231569832.320007                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2       145232499251.519989                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3       145232990308.799988                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0       1614676333152                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1       1614676851456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2       1614676036176                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3       1614675605424                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         2260115090590.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         2260114389310.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2         2260114740193.919922                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3         2260115491744.320312                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0           77.842265                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1           77.842241                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::2           77.842253                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::3           77.842279                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys6.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys6.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3604001727270                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF 347180634000                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::2 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::3 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::2 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::3 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::2 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::3 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::2   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.totalEnergy::3   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::0     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::1     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::2     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls2.averagePower::3     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3604001727270                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF 347180634000                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::0     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::1     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::2     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls1.averagePower::3     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    297699356                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_read::total    297699356                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data         1756                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         1756                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     74424839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_reads::total     74424839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          439                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.num_writes::total          439                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     75344363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_read::total       75344363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data          444                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_write::total           444                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     75344808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bw_total::total      75344808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readReqs             74424839                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeReqs                 439                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readBursts           74424839                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeBursts               439                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM      2381347424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ           247424                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWritten            12000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesReadSys        297699356                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys          1756                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ            7732                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts             74                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0      9319223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1      9282229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2      9307725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3      9311046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4      9234389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5      9325849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6      9321532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7      9315114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totGap           3951181403000                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::2       74424839                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::2           439                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0         74417107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15              11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16              17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17              19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18              20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19              20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20              20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21              20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22              20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23              20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24              25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25              26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32              21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples     74417480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    32.000001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    32.000001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev     0.005246                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-39     74417478    100.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::64-71            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total     74417480                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean 3605680.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean 3352534.067160                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev 1448711.677073                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1.83501e+06-1.96608e+06            2      9.52%      9.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1.96608e+06-2.09715e+06            1      4.76%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.09715e+06-2.22822e+06            1      4.76%     19.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.22822e+06-2.3593e+06            1      4.76%     23.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.3593e+06-2.49037e+06            1      4.76%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2.49037e+06-2.62144e+06            1      4.76%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3.01466e+06-3.14573e+06            1      4.76%     38.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3.14573e+06-3.2768e+06            4     19.05%     57.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3.40787e+06-3.53894e+06            2      9.52%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4.32538e+06-4.45645e+06            1      4.76%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4.58752e+06-4.71859e+06            1      4.76%     76.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4.84966e+06-4.98074e+06            2      9.52%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4.98074e+06-5.11181e+06            1      4.76%     90.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6.29146e+06-6.42253e+06            1      4.76%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6.94682e+06-7.07789e+06            1      4.76%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           21                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean    17.857143                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.829346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.014185                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            2      9.52%      9.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            6     28.57%     38.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            6     28.57%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            7     33.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           21                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totQLat          1580502627577                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totMemAccLat     2841872591227                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totBusLat        238134742400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgQLat              21238.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgBusLat             3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat         38188.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBW                602.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys              75.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtil                  6.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilRead              6.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgWrQLen               24.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHits                2                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readRowHitRate           0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate          0.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.avgGap               53089.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.pageHitRate              0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4795881231                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF 347180634000                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT 3599205846039                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::0     80576749814.399994                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::1     80836135228.800003                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::2     80302586716.800003                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actEnergy::3     80978648486.399994                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::0     54357331224.000008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::1      54532313448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::2      54172379928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preEnergy::3     54628453344.000008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::0    66417408345.599998                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::1    66630845299.200005                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::2     66190907328                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.readEnergy::3    66750370252.799995                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0   239031336.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1   239012259.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2   239042949.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3   238821073.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0 504808544865.599976                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1 505924746079.679993                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2 503506842796.799988                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3 506312967188.160034                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0 1299258452304                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1 1298279328432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2 1300400296224                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3 1297938783600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0   2505850791108.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1   2506635653965.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2   2505005329160.640137                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3   2507041317163.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::0     86.305827                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::1     86.332859                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::2     86.276708                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls0.averagePower::3     86.346830                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls0.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls0.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total               768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total                  3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks            7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                 7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total                  194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst           65                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total              65                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks            454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total                 454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks            454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total                 648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          3                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         7                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                       24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                      56                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                   768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                   1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                    768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                1792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          461                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3948523636000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                   24                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                  56                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   209.454545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   171.197649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    88.639002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     18.18%     18.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     18.18%     36.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-287            7     63.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total           11                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean            12                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.970563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24               1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                      598800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                1005600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                     76800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     30.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                      21                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                     40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               71.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 394852363600.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   76.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  3604000405494                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF   347180634000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT        1321776                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0           2021846.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1           1785369.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::2           2183932.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::3           2005516.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0                1363944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1                1204416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::2           1473288.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::3           1352928.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0          7712140.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1          6867494.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::2               8169408                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::3          7725619.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0         3497333.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1         3045703.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::2         3729576.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::3         3307806.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::2       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::3       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0       145234316338.559998                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1       145231874677.440002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::2       145236920846.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::3       145233859973.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0       1614674442240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1       1614676584048.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::2       1614672157584                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::3       1614674842560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         2260116627061.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         2260114634927.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::2         2260117907854.080078                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::3         2260116367622.399902                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0           77.842318                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1           77.842249                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::2           77.842362                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::3           77.842309                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3604001727270                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF 347180634000                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::0     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::1     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::2     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls4.averagePower::3     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3604001727270                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF 347180634000                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::0     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::1     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::2     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls7.averagePower::3     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3604001727270                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::REF 347180634000                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::0 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::1 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::2 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.refreshEnergy::3 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::0 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::1 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::2 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.actBackEnergy::3 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::0 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::1 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::2 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.preBackEnergy::3 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::0   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::1   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::2   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.totalEnergy::3   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::0     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::1     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::2     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls6.averagePower::3     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys3.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys3.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls1.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls1.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total              1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks         2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           2048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total                  6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks            8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                 8                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu0.data          194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total                  389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst           65                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total              65                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks            518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total                 518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks            518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu0.data          194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total                 907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          6                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         8                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                       48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      64                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                  1536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                   1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                   1536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                2048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          428                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3951191557000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                   48                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                  64                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples           16                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean          192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   154.403293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    90.509668                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     18.75%     18.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::96-127            1      6.25%     25.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::160-191            1      6.25%     31.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     18.75%     50.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-287            8     50.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total           16                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean            20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.284271                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                     1735600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                2549200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                    153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    36158.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               53108.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     27.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                      40                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                     40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 282227968357.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   71.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  3604000270377                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF   347180634000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT        1456893                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0           1816214.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1           1801699.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::2           1942617.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::3           2039385.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0                1225224                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1                1215432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::2                1310496                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::3                1375776                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0               7011264                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1          6957849.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::2          7318771.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::3          7706649.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0         3161825.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1         3065610.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::2              3328128                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::3         3364208.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::2       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::3       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0       145231110129.600006                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1       145231849013.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::2       145233927498.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::3       145235290409.279999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0       1614677254704                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1       1614676606560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::2       1614674783328.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::3       1614673587792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         2260114852579.200195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         2260114769382.720215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::2         2260115884056.960449                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::3         2260116637439.040039                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0           77.842257                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1           77.842254                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::2           77.842292                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::3           77.842318                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys5.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys5.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys7.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys7.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls3.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls3.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total              1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::writebacks         1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total           1792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu3.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total                  6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::writebacks            7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total                 7                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu3.data           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::system.cpu6.data          259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total                  389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst           65                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_inst_read::total              65                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::writebacks            454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total                 454                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::writebacks            454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu3.data           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::system.cpu6.data          259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total                 842                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          6                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         7                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                       48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                      56                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                  1536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                   1536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                1792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           11                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7               31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 3948524721000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                   48                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                  56                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.035207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    84.307560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     16.67%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-287           12     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total           18                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.166010                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     33.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                     1197600                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                2011200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                    153600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     36.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                      42                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate              107.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 303732670846.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   98.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE  3603999347075                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF   347180634000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT        2380195                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0           1897862.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1           1730332.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::2                1772064                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::3           1828310.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0                1280304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1                1167288                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::2                1195440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::3                1233384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0          7277836.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1          6663820.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::2          6743692.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::3          6916915.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0         3267993.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1         2969395.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::2         2972712.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::3         3109155.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::2       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::3       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0       145232467896.959991                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1       145230842111.040009                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::2       145232046717.119995                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::3       145232037797.760010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0       1614676063680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1       1614677489808.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::2       1614676433136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::3       1614676440960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         2260115528791.680176                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         2260114135973.760254                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::2         2260114436980.800293                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::3         2260114839741.120117                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0           77.842280                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1           77.842232                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::2           77.842242                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::3           77.842256                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.clk_domain.clock          800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readReqs                    0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeReqs                   0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readBursts                  0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeBursts                 0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM               0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWritten                0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys             0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ               0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts              0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numRdRetry                  0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.numWrRetry                  0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totGap                      0                       # Total gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::0              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::1              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::2              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::3              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::4              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readPktSize::5              0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::0             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::1             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::2             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::3             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::4             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writePktSize::5             0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::32               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::33               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::34               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::35               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::36               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::37               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::38               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::39               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::40               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::41               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::42               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::43               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::44               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::45               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::46               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::47               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::48               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::49               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::50               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::51               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::52               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::53               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::54               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::55               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::56               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::57               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::58               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::59               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::60               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::61               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::62               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::63               0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63               0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totQLat                     0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totBusLat                   0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgQLat                   0                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgBusLat                 0                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat              0                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBW                  0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBW                  0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys               0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys               0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.peakBW               10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtil                  0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilRead              0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.busUtilWrite             0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHits                 0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHits                0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readRowHitRate            0                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate           0                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.avgGap                    0                       # Average gap between requests
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.pageHitRate               0                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3604001727270                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::REF 347180634000                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::0                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::1                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::2                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preEnergy::3                0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::0               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::1               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::2               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.readEnergy::3               0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::0              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::1              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::2              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.writeEnergy::3              0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::0 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::1 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::2 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.refreshEnergy::3 500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::0 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::1 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::2 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.actBackEnergy::3 145211798730.240021                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::0 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::1 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::2 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.preBackEnergy::3 1614694194528.000244                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::0   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::1   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::2   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.totalEnergy::3   2260099266476.160156                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::0     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::1     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::2     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_vault_ctrls5.averagePower::3     77.841720                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls4.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls4.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_read::total              1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::writebacks         2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bytes_written::total           2304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_reads::total                  5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::writebacks            9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.num_writes::total                 9                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu0.data           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu4.data           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu5.data           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::system.cpu7.data           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_read::total                  324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::writebacks            583                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_write::total                 583                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::writebacks            583                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu0.data           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu4.data           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu5.data           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.bw_total::total                 907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                          5                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                         9                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                       40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                      72                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                  1280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                   2304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                   1280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                2304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          871                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                 3948539879000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                   40                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                  72                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::samples           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::mean   210.823529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::gmean   173.235650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::stdev    86.206319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::32-63            3     17.65%     17.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::224-255            3     17.65%     35.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::256-287           11     64.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesPerActivate::total           17                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    21.715341                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.856406                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::16               2     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::40               1     33.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.rdPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::samples            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::24               3    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.wrPerTurnAround::total            3                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                     1401800                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                2079800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                    128000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                    35045.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat               51995.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                     25.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                      35                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                     60                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                 282038562785.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                   84.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::IDLE  3603999265346                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::REF   347180634000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT        2461924                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::0           1769644.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::1           1974067.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::2           1691625.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actEnergy::3           1983139.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::0                1193808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::1                1331712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::2                1141176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preEnergy::3                1337832                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::0          6647347.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::1          7550899.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::2          6319372.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.readEnergy::3          7519948.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::0         3198320.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::1         3314442.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::2         2900136.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeEnergy::3         3354670.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::0       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::1       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::2       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.refreshEnergy::3       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::0       145230960415.679993                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::1       145233779042.880005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::2       145231437574.080017                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.actBackEnergy::3       145234401756.480011                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::0       1614677386032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::1       1614674913552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::2       1614676967472                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.preBackEnergy::3       1614674367312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::0         2260114428786.240234                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::1         2260116136933.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::2         2260113730575.360352                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.totalEnergy::3         2260116237876.479980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::0           77.842242                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::1           77.842301                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::2           77.842218                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4.averagePower::3           77.842305                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys4.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys4.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys0.voltage_domain.voltage              1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.clk_domain.clock                  500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2103223080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    601221550                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data     91551024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data     91706922                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data     91586524                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data     91695926                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu4.data     91586712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data     91529124                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data     91694566                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data     91807828                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_read::total   3437603256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst   2103223080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_inst_read::total   2103223080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    300367436                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu0.data         4200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu1.data         4200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu2.data         4200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu3.data         4200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu4.data         4200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu5.data         4200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu6.data         4200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data         4201                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bytes_written::total    300401037                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    525805770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    150310409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu0.data     45775512                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu1.data     45853461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu2.data     45793262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu3.data     45847963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu4.data     45793356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu5.data     45764562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu6.data     45847283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::system.cpu7.data     45903914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_reads::total   1042695492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     75101911                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu0.data         1575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu1.data         1575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu2.data         1575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu3.data         1575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu4.data         1575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu5.data         1575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu6.data         1575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data         1576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.num_writes::total     75114512                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    532302140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    152162422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     23170536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     23209992                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     23179521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     23207209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu4.data     23179568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu5.data     23164993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu6.data     23206865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::system.cpu7.data     23235530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_read::total    870018776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    532302140                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_inst_read::total    532302140                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data     76019625                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu0.data         1063                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu1.data         1063                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu2.data         1063                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu3.data         1063                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu4.data         1063                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu5.data         1063                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu6.data         1063                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data         1063                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_write::total     76028129                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.inst    532302140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.pim_sys0.cpu.data    228182046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     23171599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     23211055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     23180584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     23208272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu4.data     23180631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu5.data     23166056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu6.data     23207928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data     23236593                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.bw_total::total    946046904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls7.clk_domain.clock                800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_fadd_count                 0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_min_count                  0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls7.atomic_inc_count                  0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::system.cpu6.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_read::total              1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_inst_read::total          256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::writebacks         1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bytes_written::total           1536                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu0.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::system.cpu6.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_reads::total                  4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::writebacks            6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.num_writes::total                 6                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu0.data          130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::system.cpu6.data           65                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_read::total                  259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst           65                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_inst_read::total              65                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::writebacks            389                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_write::total                 389                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::writebacks            389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu0.data          130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::system.cpu6.data           65                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.bw_total::total                 648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                          4                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                         6                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                       32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                  1024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                   1536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                   1024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          937                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                 3948522602000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                   32                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                  48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::samples           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.333333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::gmean   177.035207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::stdev    85.575414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::32-63            2     16.67%     16.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::224-255            2     16.67%     33.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::256-287            8     66.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesPerActivate::total           12                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::mean            16                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.627417                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::0                1     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::32               1     50.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.rdPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::samples            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::mean            24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::24               2    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.wrPerTurnAround::total            2                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                      798400                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                1340800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                    102400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                    24950.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                   3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat               41900.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                     34.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                      28                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                     40                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate               83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                 394852260200.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                   85.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::IDLE  3604000439218                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::REF   347180634000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT        1288052                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::0                1853712                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::1           1996444.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::2           1864598.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actEnergy::3           1780531.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::0                1250520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::1           1346808.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::2                1257864                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preEnergy::3                1201152                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::0          7062681.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::1          7766054.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::2          7142054.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.readEnergy::3               6806592                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::0         3192099.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::1         3287900.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::2         3098787.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeEnergy::3         3025797.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::0       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::1       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::2       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.refreshEnergy::3       500193273217.920044                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::0       145232192928.959991                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::1       145234129743.359985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::2       145233379094.399994                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.actBackEnergy::3       145232202067.199982                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::0       1614676304880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::1       1614674605920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::2       1614675264384                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.preBackEnergy::3       1614676296864                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::0         2260115130040.319824                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::1         2260116406088.639648                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::2         2260115280000.959961                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.totalEnergy::3         2260114586221.439941                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::0           77.842266                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::1           77.842310                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::2           77.842272                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7.averagePower::3           77.842248                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq           366586515                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp          366586515                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              15775                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             15775                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback                67                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             8857                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4080                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               933                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        20700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave    733199069                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total    733219769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total              733219769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        41400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave    733219363                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    733260763                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               733260763                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 183293257500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 366586918000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     15775000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      7887500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback      1105500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      4429498                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       619500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2040000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       516389                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       214500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     16881275                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp     30657321                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1550                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp         1943                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           54                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           25                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           22                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        60488                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       455468                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        16000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         9000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         5000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                      16882909                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                     30659287                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                 366591914                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                     16882053                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                 60488                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                366591914                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                    30658653                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime               214000                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime               69488                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime             476468                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                             6936                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             11122                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   11122    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               11122                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6762000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded               10350                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy        183305422500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded           366596100                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy       366597060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              9.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded          366606383                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq          366579339                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp         366579339                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq             12601                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp            12601                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback               67                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            3157                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           923                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           4080                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq               13                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp              13                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          239                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           13                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          297                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    183295946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total    183298028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          249                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          421                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    183295968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total    183298032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          217                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port           11                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          281                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    183295986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total    183298036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port          230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          393                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port            7                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port           17                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    183295928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total    183298037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total             733192133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         2048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    183297993                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total    183306185                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    183298092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total    183305772                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls1.port         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port         1536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    183298002                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total    183304146                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls0.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls2.port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls3.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls4.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls5.port         1024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls6.port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls7.port          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys0.s2p.slave    183298140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total    183303260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total              733219363                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 400139251986                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 906531243900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     25891400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     18402000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       629800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      4400200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1280600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      5754720                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        17400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       127275                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     30980329                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           31                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1530                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           49                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           29                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   4012746398                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        14500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       185800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        24600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        24600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         1800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                     30981939                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                          31                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                366591914                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                    30981859                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime           4012932198                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess               366591914                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                         31                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime               14500                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime         4012983198                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime             14500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy             715400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded                471                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy             682800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded                442                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy            1186000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded                814                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy              89600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded                 24                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy            1311000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded                885                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy             161600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded                 42                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy             853400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded                561                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy            1364600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded                947                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy       400165106986                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization             10.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded          366591914                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy      226641462080                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded          91649003                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy      226639984239                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded          91649007                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy      226644291792                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded          91649011                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy      226629789784                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             5.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded          91649012                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq    366579339                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp    366579339                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq        12601                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp        12601                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback           67                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         3157                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          923                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         4080                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq           13                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp           13                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave    183298028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave    183298032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave    183298036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave    183298037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total    733192133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave    183306185                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave    183305772                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave    183304146                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave    183303260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total    733219363                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 293263471200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 329921485700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     11340900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp     10080800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback       268000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      2525600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       738400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      3264000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        10400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        52000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp          134                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           14                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       116463                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         9600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp          600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                   149                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess          366591914                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess         366591914                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                  132                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime        115263                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime       126663                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy  73319602700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded     91649025                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy  73319597700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded     91649025                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy  73319576600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded     91649025                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy  73319577500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded     91649025                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy 329934882500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          8.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded    366596033                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq          366807723                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         366807601                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate          122                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             15775                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            15775                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             8959                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            9021                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1364                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          10385                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             8515                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            8515                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        57284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     91570256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        42180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     91721199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        41698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     91601864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        41708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     91720540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        42164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     91604705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        43194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     91545626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        43230                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     91714560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        42858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     91822094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             733655284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      7332352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     92518868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5399040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     92152494                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5337344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     92105872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5338624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     93655282                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5396992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     92503868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5528832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     92215424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5533440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     93047554                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      5485824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     92466713                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              786018771                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 183404141887                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 372947741709                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     15775000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp      7887500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    291171492                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      4528456                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       710942                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp      2214902                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      4544345                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     51430364                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq     16000163                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         4005                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq         1944                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          538                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq          535                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          174                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           13                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq          526                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           10                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   8449441454                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     63452357                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq     27028427                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback     11248495                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq      6852998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      2914996                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        83499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      4230446                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       142000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                     16004001                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                        4028                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                366591914                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                    15975613                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime           8072410490                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess               366591914                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime         8501716816                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          63677856                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                           38471                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           249093                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47                249093    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             249093                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       183720927622                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded          366851357                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         931130363                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded             28642                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       45933889571                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded          45786109                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy              1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy         685653881                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded             21090                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       46027933012                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded          45862868                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy        677821353                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded            20849                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy      45995940076                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded         45803397                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy        678004339                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded            20854                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy      46170408472                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded         45861692                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.occupancy        685419789                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded            21082                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy      46036888987                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded         45804595                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy        702144824                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded            21597                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy      45987302083                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded         45775213                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.occupancy        702694450                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded            21615                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy      46096913044                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded         45858821                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.occupancy             4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                4                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.occupancy            20000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded               20                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy        696590634                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded            21429                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy      46058566458                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded         45912483                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.occupancy             8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                8                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy            19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded               19                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_access             525805770                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_access             299837598                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access          74425278                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate              100.00                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys0.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate          100.00                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numCycles              7902365678                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys0.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedInsts          376331652                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.committedOps            376370914                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses    338551175                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_func_calls              23506                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     37803396                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_insts           338551175                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_reads    750793774                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_int_register_writes    225641553                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_reads   1803318486                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_cc_register_writes    115374356                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_mem_refs            299837598                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_load_insts          224735248                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_store_insts          75102350                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.num_busy_cycles        7902365678                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys0.cpu.Branches                 37843245                       # Number of branches fetched
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntAlu         76533316     20.33%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemRead       224735248     59.71%     80.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::MemWrite       75102350     19.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.op_class::total         376370914                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples     74424839                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4     74424839    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total     74424839                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples          439                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean            4                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     4.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4          439    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          439                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean 75344607.293536                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean 75264549.723166                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev 2210609.634579                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06           13      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06           69      0.02%      0.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07           62      0.02%      0.04% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07           51      0.01%      0.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07           72      0.02%      0.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07           56      0.01%      0.08% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           61      0.02%      0.10% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07           55      0.01%      0.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07           55      0.01%      0.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07           67      0.02%      0.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07           56      0.01%      0.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07           57      0.01%      0.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07           54      0.01%      0.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07           66      0.02%      0.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07           66      0.02%      0.22% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07           53      0.01%      0.23% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07           52      0.01%      0.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07       180262     45.62%     45.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07       213890     54.13%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageReadBandwidth 75344363.480619      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalReadBytes         297699356                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean   444.425322                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev 19987.060304                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0-65535       394915     99.95%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::65536-131071            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::131072-196607            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::196608-262143            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::262144-327679            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::327680-393215            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::393216-458751            2      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::458752-524287            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::524288-589823            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::589824-655359            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::655360-720895            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::720896-786431            0      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::786432-851967          163      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::851968-917503            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::917504-983039            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::983040-1.04858e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.04858e+06-1.11411e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.11411e+06-1.17965e+06            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17965e+06-1.24518e+06           37      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1.24518e+06-1.31072e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth   444.423878      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys0.Smon.totalWrittenBytes           1756                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples     74424839                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean 45892.346801                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean 43521.552392                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev 20873.048471                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::0-16383         7732      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151     66133171     88.86%     88.87% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535      4185654      5.62%     94.49% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           35      0.00%     94.49% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           86      0.00%     94.49% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          172      0.00%     94.49% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071      1481577      1.99%     96.48% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455      2616410      3.52%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readLatencyHist::total     74424839                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples          439                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean         4500                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean  4500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::256-511            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::512-767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::768-1023            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1024-1279            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1280-1535            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1536-1791            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1792-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2048-2303            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2304-2559            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2560-2815            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2816-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3072-3327            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3328-3583            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3584-3839            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3840-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4096-4351            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4352-4607          439    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4608-4863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4864-5119            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total          439                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::samples     74424839                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::mean   53089.552575                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev  32926.154930                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000         6672      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000          859      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000     29125492     39.13%     39.14% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000     36022995     48.40%     87.55% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000       894503      1.20%     88.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000        71576      0.10%     88.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000      4199423      5.64%     94.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000          217      0.00%     94.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000          421      0.00%     94.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000          184      0.00%     94.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000          244      0.00%     94.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000           63      0.00%     94.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000           11      0.00%     94.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000           18      0.00%     94.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows      4102161      5.51%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value         7500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value      9712500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReadRead::total      74424839                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples          439                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean 8955707979.498861                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev 17335130901.366211                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000           74     16.86%     16.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%     16.86% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000          157     35.76%     52.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            7      1.59%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%     54.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows          201     45.79%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value         7000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value 139294460000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total          439                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::samples      74425278                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::mean     53089.239425                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev    32925.133902                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000         6746      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000          151      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000         1029      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            7      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000           37      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000     29125492     39.13%     39.14% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000     36023000     48.40%     87.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000       894649      1.20%     88.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000        71576      0.10%     88.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000      4199423      5.64%     94.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000          217      0.00%     94.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000          421      0.00%     94.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000          184      0.00%     94.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000          177      0.00%     94.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000           10      0.00%     94.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000           11      0.00%     94.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000           18      0.00%     94.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows      4102130      5.51%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value         7000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value      9712500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.ittReqReq::total        74425278                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean     0.863919                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.342875                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        53768     13.61%     13.61% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1       341349     86.39%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000003                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.001591                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       395116    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            1      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::mean   188.361518                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::gmean   188.161078                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::stdev     5.527517                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::0-15           53      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::16-31           89      0.02%      0.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::32-47           92      0.02%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::48-63           90      0.02%      0.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::64-79           91      0.02%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::80-95           84      0.02%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::96-111          100      0.03%      0.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::112-127           84      0.02%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::128-143           93      0.02%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::144-159           93      0.02%      0.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::160-175           81      0.02%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::176-191       392573     99.36%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::192-207         1594      0.40%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::256-271            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.readTransHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::mean     0.001111                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev     0.049968                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::0         394915     99.95%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::1              2      0.00%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::2            163      0.04%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::3             37      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.Smon.writeTransHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys0.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadReq   1117120331                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::ReadResp   1117120331                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq     75114951                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp     75114951                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave    148850556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    450824640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total    599675196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port   1051611540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total   1051611540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    733183828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total    733183828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_count::total    2384470564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.Smon-slave    297701112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    901588986                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.dtlb-master::total   1199290098                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port   2103223080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.itlb-master::total   2103223080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::system.pim_sys0.pim_memory.port    733192227                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys0.s2p.master::total    733192227                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pkt_size::total     4035705405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq 558560165500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 1243508682600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq  75114951000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp  45525955100                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq    386169447                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp    395683719                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq     38952708                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp     35271309                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq  67285444000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp 185395930300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq    998366500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp   7054283300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedReq            425122155                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.failedResp           430955028                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqSuccess        366591914                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqFail            25150719                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime  14050056500                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespSuccess       366591914                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespFail           29157341                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime   6283167100                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime  68283810500                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime 192450213600                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.occupancy  37212858500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded     74425278                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy 596462258000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization         15.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded   1117810004                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.occupancy 300189007600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.utilization          7.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded    299837598                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.occupancy 557673641000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.utilization         14.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded    525805770                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy 431171989100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization         10.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded    366591914                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys0.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys1.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys1.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys1.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::0          395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.readTransHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::0         395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.Smon.writeTransHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys1.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys1.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys2.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys2.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys2.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::0          395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.readTransHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::0         395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.Smon.writeTransHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys2.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys2.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys3.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys3.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys3.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::0          395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.readTransHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::0         395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.Smon.writeTransHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys3.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys3.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys4.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys4.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys4.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::0          395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.readTransHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::0         395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.Smon.writeTransHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys4.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys4.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys5.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys5.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys5.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::0          395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.readTransHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::0         395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.Smon.writeTransHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys5.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys5.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys6.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys6.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys6.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::0          395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.readTransHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::0         395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.Smon.writeTransHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys6.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys6.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_access                     0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                 0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_miss                       0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                 0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys7.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate             0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.dtb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_hits                   0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_misses                 0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_hits                   0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_misses                 0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_hits                  0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_misses                0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                   0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.flush_entries               0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.align_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults             0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.domain_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.perms_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.read_accesses               0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.write_accesses              0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.inst_accesses               0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.hits                        0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.misses                      0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.itb.accesses                    0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys7.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalReadBytes                 0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys7.Smon.totalWrittenBytes              0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::0             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::1             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::2             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::3             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::4             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::5             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::6             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::7             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::8             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::9             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::10            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::11            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::12            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::13            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::14            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::15            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::16            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::17            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::18            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::19            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::mean            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev           0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReadRead::total             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::samples             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::mean              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev             0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.ittReqReq::total               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0       395117    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::0          395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.readTransHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::0         395117    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.Smon.writeTransHist::total       395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys7.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedReq                    0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.failedResp                   0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespSuccess               0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespFail                  0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer0.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer1.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer2.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer3.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys7.pimbus.respLayer4.failed            0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                        91                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7952.368487                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        9052                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                        91                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     99.472527                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5397.301005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst   284.053321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   119.039928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst           72                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data    66.221980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data    49.012287                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst    11.987713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data    17.000678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst           20                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data    19.470009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst           53                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data    37.006063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.itb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data    36.013223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst   489.000005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data  1135.262274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.658850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.034674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.014531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.008789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.008084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.015869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.005983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.001463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.002075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.002441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.002377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.006470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.004517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.itb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.004396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.059692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.138582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.970748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023             8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          7990                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          119                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7862                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.000977                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.975342                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1687450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1687450                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst        28637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst        21090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         1251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst        20849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         1663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst        20853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         4647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst        21082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         2495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst        21597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         1876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst        21615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data         2816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        21428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  195687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             8959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  8959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           35                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           33                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           24                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  185                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           16                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu4.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu6.data           19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                125                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          508                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          112                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          137                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          512                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1547                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst         28637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data          2553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst         21090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data          1363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst         20849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data          1696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst         20853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data          4677                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst         21082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          2632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst         21597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data          2030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst         21615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data          3328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst         21428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data          1742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   197234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst        28637                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data         2553                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst        21090                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data         1363                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst        20849                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data         1696                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst        20853                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data         4677                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst        21082                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data         2632                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst        21597                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data         2030                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           20                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst        21615                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data         3328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        21428                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         1742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  197234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            9                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                    26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1511                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          204                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          227                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          287                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          239                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          223                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          204                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          241                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total               3136                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          458                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           64                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           93                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total              923                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  34                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                     60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data            6                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data           17                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data           11                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                    60                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       621000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       621000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       383500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1120000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total         3367500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     26228499                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       327000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1108500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       195500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       260500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       130000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       260500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     28575999                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       978500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1109000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       259000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1044500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       372000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       401000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       326000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       841000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       3374500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       621000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       880000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1168500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       372000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       784500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1446000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1090000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total          6742000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       621000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       880000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      1168500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       372000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       784500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1446000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1090000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total         6742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        28642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        21090                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        20849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        20854                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         4648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        21082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        21597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         1878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        21615                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         2825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        21429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              195713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              8959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1546                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          224                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          260                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          297                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          259                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          243                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          227                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          265                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             3321                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          475                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           80                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           79                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           95                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data           79                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           80                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data           81                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           79                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           1048                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          509                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          113                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          140                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          514                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           68                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1581                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        28642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        21090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        20849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        20854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data         4694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        21082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        21597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        21615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data         3339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        21429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               197294                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst        28642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        21090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst        20849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data         1697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst        20854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data         4694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst        21082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        21597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.dtb.walker           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst        21615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data         3339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.itb.walker            8                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        21429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              197294                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000215                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.001065                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.001188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.977361                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.910714                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.873077                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.966330                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.922780                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.917695                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.898678                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.909434                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.944294                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.964211                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.772152                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.978947                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.772152                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.775000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.765432                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.784810                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.880725                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.001965                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.008850                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.029412                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.347826                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.021429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.019108                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003891                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.102941                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.021505                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.003622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.001139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.002457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.005140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.000304                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.003622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.001139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.002457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.005140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.000304                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       124200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       124200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       191750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 124444.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129519.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 17358.371277                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  1602.941176                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   288.546256                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  3862.369338                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data   817.991632                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  1168.161435                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data   637.254902                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  1080.912863                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9112.244579                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  1023.437500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10521.505376                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  1048.387097                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1201.516793                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       259000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 65281.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 133666.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       163000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 120142.857143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        99250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       124200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 146666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 68735.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       156900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 131454.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 121111.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112366.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       124200                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 146666.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        65500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 68735.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       156900                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 131454.545455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 121111.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112366.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                   67                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                        67                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total               26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1511                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          204                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          227                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          287                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          239                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          223                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          204                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          241                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          3136                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          458                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           64                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           93                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           61                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           62                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          923                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             34                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total                60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            6                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           17                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           11                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total               60                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       566000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       566000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       361500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1021000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3081500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     81992488                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     11061500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     12315499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     15570992                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     12976489                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     12105994                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     11058497                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     13074500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    170155959                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     24948442                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3475000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3313000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      5045500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      3311000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3363500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      3364000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3366500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50186942                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       248000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       868500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       339000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       368000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       304000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       764000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3000500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       566000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       814000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       981500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       729500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1325000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       991000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6082000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       566000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       814000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       981500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       729500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      1325000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       991000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6082000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 1374818067481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 1377164314482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 1375653854486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 1377130477986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data 1375524754484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data 1374748422471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data 1377437806980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data 1378531969464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 11011009667834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     55629500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     55597000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     55603000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     55608500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     55571000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     55583000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     55612500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     55630500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    444835000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 1374873696981                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 1377219911482                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 1375709457486                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 1377186086486                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data 1375580325484                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data 1374804005471                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data 1377493419480                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data 1378587599964                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 11011454502834                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.001065                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.001188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000133                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.977361                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.910714                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.873077                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.966330                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.922780                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.917695                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.898678                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.909434                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.944294                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.964211                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.772152                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.978947                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.772152                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.775000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.765432                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.784810                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.880725                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.001965                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.008850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.029412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.347826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.021429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.019108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.102941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002345                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.003622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.001139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.002457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.005140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.000304                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.002345                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.003622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.001139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.002457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.003294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.005140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.000304                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       113200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       113200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       180750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 113444.444444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118519.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54263.724686                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54223.039216                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54253.299559                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54254.327526                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54294.933054                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54286.968610                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 54208.318627                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54251.037344                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54258.915497                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54472.580786                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54296.875000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54311.475410                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54252.688172                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 54278.688525                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 54258.064516                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54298.387097                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54373.718310                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       248000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54500                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 54281.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 122666.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       152000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 109142.857143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        88250                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       113200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 135666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 57735.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       145900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 120454.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 110111.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101366.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst       113200                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 135666.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 57735.294118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       145900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 120454.545455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 110111.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101366.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                   16882909                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples     91644860                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000028                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000001                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.083903                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       91644850    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           10      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total      91644860                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3145                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.427663                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.592322                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    21.138958                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3123     99.30%     99.30% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.30% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.30% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.30% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.30% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.30% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.30% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.30% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.30% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.30% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.30% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.30% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.30% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.30% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.30% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.30% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           22      0.70%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3145                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples        395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     46389341.891136                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1855282.158500                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          441      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07          151      0.04%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07          660      0.17%      0.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07          162      0.04%      0.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07          394      0.10%      0.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07       393306     99.54%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total          395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        46389212.412754      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                 183292260                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean     3520.476213                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   225427.010874                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06       395098    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           17      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total         395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth        3524.261105      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                  13925                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples        91644860                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       11442.391015                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      11441.222916                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev        170.045663                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383        91644844    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            6      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            8      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total          91644860                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples           3123                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean      11497.758565                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11495.719691                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev       223.753083                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3047     97.57%     97.57% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           75      2.40%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            1      0.03%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total             3123                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples            91644860                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           43113.850357                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          21353.536256                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                16771      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000           404781      0.44%      0.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000         2079681      2.27%      2.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000         4892082      5.34%      8.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000         7618754      8.31%     16.38% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000         8898155      9.71%     26.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000         9612730     10.49%     36.58% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000         8295776      9.05%     45.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000         7893788      8.61%     54.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000         8294169      9.05%     63.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000         9611286     10.49%     73.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000         8898053      9.71%     83.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000         7622096      8.32%     91.81% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000         4902405      5.35%     97.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000         2094908      2.29%     99.44% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000          411659      0.45%     99.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000           22926      0.03%     99.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000           58638      0.06%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000             171      0.00%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000            131      0.00%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             15900      0.02%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value          43524000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total              91644860                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              3145                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         1256337945.627981                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1692595422.733613                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             1      0.03%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           729     23.18%     23.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            36      1.14%     24.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          114      3.62%     28.01% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2264     71.99%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value            4000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value     11595449000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                3145                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples              91648005                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             43112.589728                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            21188.372384                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                  16773      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000             404806      0.44%      0.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000           2079830      2.27%      2.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000           4892356      5.34%      8.07% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000           7619154      8.31%     16.38% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000           8898709      9.71%     26.09% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000           9613396     10.49%     36.58% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000           8296465      9.05%     45.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000           7894518      8.61%     54.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000           8294859      9.05%     63.30% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000           9611952     10.49%     73.79% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000           8898605      9.71%     83.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000           7622501      8.32%     91.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000           4902680      5.35%     97.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000           2095058      2.29%     99.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000            411684      0.45%     99.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000             22908      0.02%     99.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000             55546      0.06%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000               168      0.00%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000              130      0.00%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               15907      0.02%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value            25248000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                91648005                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.256894                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.437465                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0           293708     74.33%     74.33% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1           101315     25.64%     99.98% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2               94      0.02%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000005                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.002250                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0          395115    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               2      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples            395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean           231.943495                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            9.268374                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-15                    9      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-31                 432      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-47                   1      0.00%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::48-63                  40      0.01%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::64-79                  50      0.01%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::80-95                 141      0.04%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::96-111                 66      0.02%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::112-127               521      0.13%      0.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::128-143                71      0.02%      0.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::144-159                56      0.01%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::160-175               133      0.03%      0.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::176-191                62      0.02%      0.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::192-207               225      0.06%      0.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::208-223                88      0.02%      0.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::224-239            393222     99.52%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total              395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples           395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.007942                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.121315                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                 393108     99.49%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   1101      0.28%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    688      0.17%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                    219      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total             395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples     91644795                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000033                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000001                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.091912                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       91644783    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           12      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total      91644795                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3219                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      4.080149                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.583020                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    18.917302                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3201     99.44%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.44% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           18      0.56%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3219                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples        395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     46389437.052822                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1862953.775940                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          441      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07          150      0.04%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07          661      0.17%      0.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07          165      0.04%      0.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07          392      0.10%      0.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07       393305     99.54%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total          395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        46389308.080309      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                 183292638                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean     3320.535436                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   232767.817592                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06       395103    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07           12      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total         395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth        3324.067889      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                  13134                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples        91644795                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       11440.798278                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      11439.701287                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev        165.426008                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383        91644771    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767           12      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303           10      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total          91644795                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples           3201                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean      11497.063418                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11495.112163                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev       216.515297                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3119     97.44%     97.44% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           79      2.47%     99.91% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            3      0.09%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total             3201                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples            91644795                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           43113.804848                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          21330.436308                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                14479      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000           366261      0.40%      0.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000         2007891      2.19%      2.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000         4841270      5.28%      7.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000         7552626      8.24%     16.13% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000         9018522      9.84%     25.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000         9745319     10.63%     36.60% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000         8330867      9.09%     45.70% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000         7776633      8.49%     54.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000         8329530      9.09%     63.27% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000         9743533     10.63%     73.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000         9019172      9.84%     83.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000         7554949      8.24%     91.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000         4851234      5.29%     97.28% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000         2024896      2.21%     99.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000          371770      0.41%     99.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000           20946      0.02%     99.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000           58702      0.06%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000             165      0.00%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000            128      0.00%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             15902      0.02%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value          48233000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total              91644795                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              3219                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         1226634654.551103                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1662417109.306275                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             1      0.03%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             1      0.03%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.09% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           744     23.11%     23.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            39      1.21%     24.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          111      3.45%     27.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2322     72.13%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value           20000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value     13237667000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                3219                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples              91648014                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             43112.290540                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            20982.241563                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                  14480      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000             366288      0.40%      0.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000           2008030      2.19%      2.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000           4841556      5.28%      7.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000           7553061      8.24%     16.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000           9019076      9.84%     25.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000           9746022     10.63%     36.61% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000           8331577      9.09%     45.70% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000           7777321      8.49%     54.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000           8330239      9.09%     63.27% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000           9744241     10.63%     73.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000           9019725      9.84%     83.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000           7555389      8.24%     91.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000           4851517      5.29%     97.28% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000           2025037      2.21%     99.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000            371797      0.41%     99.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000             20924      0.02%     99.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000             55534      0.06%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000               166      0.00%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000              127      0.00%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               15907      0.02%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value            23802000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                91648014                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.256489                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.437199                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0           293861     74.37%     74.37% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1           101169     25.60%     99.98% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2               87      0.02%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000010                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.003182                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0          395113    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               4      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples            395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean           231.943328                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            9.267754                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-15                    9      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-31                 432      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-47                   1      0.00%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::48-63                  40      0.01%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::64-79                  51      0.01%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::80-95                 140      0.04%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::96-111                 66      0.02%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::112-127               521      0.13%      0.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::128-143                70      0.02%      0.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::144-159                57      0.01%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::160-175               136      0.03%      0.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::176-191                59      0.01%      0.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::192-207               224      0.06%      0.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::208-223                86      0.02%      0.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::224-239            393225     99.52%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total              395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples           395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.008134                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.123699                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                 393084     99.49%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   1097      0.28%     99.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    694      0.18%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                    239      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total             395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples     91644885                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000028                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000001                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.083903                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       91644875    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271           10      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total      91644885                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3132                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      3.779055                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.554656                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    16.929251                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3118     99.55%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.55% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           14      0.45%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3132                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples        395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     46389353.533257                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1852863.056009                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          440      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07          154      0.04%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07          656      0.17%      0.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07          164      0.04%      0.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07          394      0.10%      0.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07       393306     99.54%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total          395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        46389225.067193      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                 183292310                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean     2992.025147                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   193882.532212                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06       395106    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07            9      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total         395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth        2995.558667      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                  11836                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples        91644885                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       11442.216731                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      11441.055528                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev        169.399924                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383        91644872    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            9      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total          91644885                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples           3118                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean      11500.962155                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11498.961498                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev       219.660187                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3038     97.43%     97.43% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           78      2.50%     99.94% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.03%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            1      0.03%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total             3118                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples            91644885                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           43113.929926                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          21250.164336                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                11103      0.01%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000           375838      0.41%      0.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000         1924109      2.10%      2.52% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000         4725652      5.16%      7.68% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000         7580488      8.27%     15.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000         9005913      9.83%     25.78% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000         9792789     10.69%     36.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000         8407597      9.17%     45.64% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000         7884327      8.60%     54.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000         8405612      9.17%     63.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000         9791263     10.68%     74.10% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000         9005882      9.83%     83.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000         7584580      8.28%     92.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000         4736261      5.17%     97.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000         1938931      2.12%     99.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000          382499      0.42%     99.90% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000           17275      0.02%     99.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000           58618      0.06%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000             172      0.00%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000             99      0.00%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             15877      0.02%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value          44009000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total              91644885                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              3132                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         1260700046.615581                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1690646145.687632                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             1      0.03%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             1      0.03%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           730     23.31%     23.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            35      1.12%     24.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          130      4.15%     28.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2234     71.33%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value           28000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value     10857032000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                3132                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples              91648017                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             43112.456541                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            21237.797382                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                  11103      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000             375865      0.41%      0.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000           1924215      2.10%      2.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000           4725951      5.16%      7.68% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000           7580947      8.27%     15.95% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000           9006484      9.83%     25.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000           9793452     10.69%     36.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000           8408265      9.17%     45.64% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000           7884975      8.60%     54.24% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000           8406281      9.17%     63.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000           9791924     10.68%     74.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000           9006452      9.83%     83.93% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000           7585041      8.28%     92.20% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000           4736561      5.17%     97.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000           1939038      2.12%     99.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000            382528      0.42%     99.90% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000             17250      0.02%     99.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000             55533      0.06%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000               170      0.00%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000               98      0.00%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               15884      0.02%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value            44009000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                91648017                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.256995                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.437585                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0           293679     74.33%     74.33% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1           101333     25.65%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2              105      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000008                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.002755                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0          395114    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               3      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples            395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean           231.943553                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            9.267647                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-15                    9      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-31                 432      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-47                   1      0.00%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::48-63                  41      0.01%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::64-79                  49      0.01%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::80-95                 141      0.04%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::96-111                 65      0.02%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::112-127               522      0.13%      0.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::128-143                70      0.02%      0.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::144-159                58      0.01%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::160-175               136      0.03%      0.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::176-191                57      0.01%      0.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::192-207               225      0.06%      0.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::208-223                87      0.02%      0.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::224-239            393224     99.52%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total              395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples           395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.007914                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.120784                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                 393101     99.49%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   1124      0.28%     99.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    674      0.17%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                    217      0.05%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total             395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples     91644812                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean       2.000019                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.000001                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev      0.070199                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       91644805    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271            7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total      91644812                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         3172                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean      3.738335                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean     2.597933                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev    16.213130                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          3159     99.59%     99.59% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.59% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           13      0.41%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         3172                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples        395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     46389124.234088                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    1853528.211590                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-8.38861e+06          441      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.67772e+07          156      0.04%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.51658e+07          656      0.17%      0.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-3.35544e+07          164      0.04%      0.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-4.1943e+07          392      0.10%      0.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-5.03316e+07       393304     99.54%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.71089e+07            3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-9.22747e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.22747e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.09052e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.09052e+08-1.17441e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.25829e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.25829e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.42606e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.42606e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.59384e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.59384e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total          395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        46388995.262591      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                 183291402                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples       395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean     2997.593118                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   161633.270750                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-4.1943e+06       395105    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+06-8.38861e+06            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+06-1.25829e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.25829e+07-1.67772e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-2.09715e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.09715e+07-2.51658e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+07-2.93601e+07           11      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.93601e+07-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-3.77487e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.77487e+07-4.1943e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.1943e+07-4.61373e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.61373e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-5.4526e+07            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.4526e+07-5.87203e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.87203e+07-6.29146e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.29146e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-7.13032e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.13032e+07-7.54975e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.54975e+07-7.96918e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::7.96918e+07-8.38861e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total         395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth        3001.126620      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                  11858                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples        91644812                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       11442.851706                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      11441.669324                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev        169.510333                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-8191                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::8192-16383     91644797    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-24575            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::24576-32767            4      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-40959            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::40960-49151            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-57343            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::57344-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::73728-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-90111            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::90112-98303            6      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-106495            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::106496-114687            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-122879            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::122880-131071            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-139263            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::139264-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-155647            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::155648-163839            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total          91644812                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples           3159                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean      11501.487813                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11499.540128                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev       216.719604                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287         3078     97.44%     97.44% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311           79      2.50%     99.94% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            1      0.03%     99.97% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            1      0.03%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total             3159                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples            91644812                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           43113.812313                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          21093.508711                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                18938      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000           430922      0.47%      0.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000         1974263      2.15%      2.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000         4837330      5.28%      7.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000         7537754      8.22%     16.15% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000         8896994      9.71%     25.86% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000         9787101     10.68%     36.54% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000         8336364      9.10%     45.63% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000         7892018      8.61%     54.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000         8334274      9.09%     63.34% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000         9785807     10.68%     74.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000         8897897      9.71%     83.73% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000         7539617      8.23%     91.95% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000         4847823      5.29%     97.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000         1990963      2.17%     99.41% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000          436513      0.48%     99.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000           25424      0.03%     99.92% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000           58629      0.06%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000             163      0.00%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000            116      0.00%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             15902      0.02%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value              2000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value          29985000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total              91644812                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              3172                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         1245644303.593947                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        1665489385.471413                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              1      0.03%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             1      0.03%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.06% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             2      0.06%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           708     22.32%     22.45% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            30      0.95%     23.39% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          111      3.50%     26.89% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2319     73.11%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value            9000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value     13909410000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                3172                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples              91647984                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             43112.492425                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            21135.457861                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                  18938      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000             430944      0.47%      0.49% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000           1974401      2.15%      2.65% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000           4837632      5.28%      7.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000           7538219      8.23%     16.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000           8897520      9.71%     25.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000           9787762     10.68%     36.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000           8337048      9.10%     45.63% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000           7892738      8.61%     54.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000           8334958      9.09%     63.34% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000           9786467     10.68%     74.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000           8898428      9.71%     83.73% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000           7540080      8.23%     91.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000           4848123      5.29%     97.25% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000           1991104      2.17%     99.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000            436535      0.48%     99.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000             25404      0.03%     99.92% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000             55499      0.06%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000               162      0.00%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000              114      0.00%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               15908      0.02%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value                2000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value            29985000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                91647984                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.256423                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.437243                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0           293901     74.38%     74.38% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1           101115     25.59%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2              101      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean     0.000003                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.001591                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0          395116    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               1      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples            395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean           231.943371                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            9.268092                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-15                    9      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-31                 432      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-47                   1      0.00%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::48-63                  40      0.01%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::64-79                  50      0.01%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::80-95                 141      0.04%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::96-111                 63      0.02%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::112-127               526      0.13%      0.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::128-143                67      0.02%      0.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::144-159                59      0.01%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::160-175               133      0.03%      0.38% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::176-191                61      0.02%      0.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::192-207               225      0.06%      0.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::208-223                90      0.02%      0.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::224-239            393220     99.52%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::240-255                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::256-271                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::272-287                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::288-303                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::304-319                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total              395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples           395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.008015                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.121363                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                 393060     99.48%     99.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   1173      0.30%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    661      0.17%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                    220      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total             395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples    366580272                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean        2.000664                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean       2.000025                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev       0.410826                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15       366579313    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271          959      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total      366580272                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        12668                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean       4.006394                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean      2.581997                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     18.399650                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15          12601     99.47%     99.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%     99.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%     99.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%     99.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%     99.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%     99.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%     99.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%     99.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%     99.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%     99.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%     99.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%     99.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%     99.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%     99.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%     99.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%     99.47% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271           67      0.53%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         12668                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples         395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      185557257.217482                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     7399492.615219                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07          440      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          159      0.04%      0.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          654      0.17%      0.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          165      0.04%      0.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          390      0.10%      0.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08       393306     99.54%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total           395117                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         185556740.822846      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                  733168610                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     12830.629915                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    592288.717552                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07       395076     99.99%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07           29      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07            7      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total          395117                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        12845.014283      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                   50753                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples        366579352                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        20036.799738                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       20036.098305                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev         172.873471                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767    366579274    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           39      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687           33      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total          366579352                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples           12601                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean       20262.598206                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20260.410073                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev        299.677411                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479         6466     51.31%     51.31% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527         6132     48.66%     99.98% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            2      0.02%     99.99% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            1      0.01%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total             12601                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples            366580272                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            10778.460959                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           12110.055036                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000             139521998     38.06%     38.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000         103760522     28.30%     66.37% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000         39125910     10.67%     77.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000         27073347      7.39%     84.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000         20528905      5.60%     90.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000         12667350      3.46%     93.48% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000          8702245      2.37%     95.85% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000          6127399      1.67%     97.53% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000          4342968      1.18%     98.71% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000          2696154      0.74%     99.45% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000          1440356      0.39%     99.84% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000           383329      0.10%     99.94% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000           107448      0.03%     99.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            34653      0.01%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000             8211      0.00%     99.98% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000             4723      0.00%     99.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000             3088      0.00%     99.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            50639      0.01%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000               91      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000              70      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows                866      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           25360500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total              366580272                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              12668                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          311902655.391538                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         649406750.667869                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  13      0.10%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.10% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000              3      0.02%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              1      0.01%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              0      0.00%      0.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              1      0.01%      0.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              0      0.00%      0.14% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              1      0.01%      0.15% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              4      0.03%      0.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000              0      0.00%      0.18% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              4      0.03%      0.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              0      0.00%      0.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              0      0.00%      0.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              0      0.00%      0.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              0      0.00%      0.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              0      0.00%      0.21% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000           3946     31.15%     31.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            307      2.42%     33.79% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000          1187      9.37%     43.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows             7201     56.84%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value             1000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value       5552709500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                12668                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples              366592940                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              10778.120382                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             12105.667715                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000               139530193     38.06%     38.06% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000           103763765     28.30%     66.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000           39128022     10.67%     77.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000           27074187      7.39%     84.43% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000           20528968      5.60%     90.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000           12667304      3.46%     93.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            8702065      2.37%     95.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            6127048      1.67%     97.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            4342631      1.18%     98.71% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            2695763      0.74%     99.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            1440053      0.39%     99.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000             383221      0.10%     99.94% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000             107407      0.03%     99.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000              34642      0.01%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000               8204      0.00%     99.98% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000               4717      0.00%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000               3080      0.00%     99.99% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000              50636      0.01%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 89      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                69      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows                  876      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             23689000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                366592940                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       1.861277                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      1.276656                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0             61807     15.64%     15.64% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1            102737     26.00%     41.64% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2            111612     28.25%     69.89% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3             77204     19.54%     89.43% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4             32431      8.21%     97.64% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5              7965      2.02%     99.66% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6              1239      0.31%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7               110      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                12      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total        395117                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean      0.000053                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev     0.007290                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0           395096     99.99%     99.99% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1               21      0.01%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total       395117                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples             395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean            927.776076                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            37.007049                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-63                     9      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-127                 432      0.11%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-191                  1      0.00%      0.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::192-255                 41      0.01%      0.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::256-319                 48      0.01%      0.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::320-383                141      0.04%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::384-447                 65      0.02%      0.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::448-511                523      0.13%      0.32% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::512-575                 72      0.02%      0.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::576-639                 57      0.01%      0.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::640-703                134      0.03%      0.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::704-767                 59      0.01%      0.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::768-831                225      0.06%      0.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::832-895                 90      0.02%      0.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::896-959             393220     99.52%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::960-1023                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::1024-1087                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::1088-1151                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::1152-1215                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::1216-1279                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total               395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples            395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.032006                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            0.308595                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0                  390832     98.92%     98.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::1                     100      0.03%     98.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2                      86      0.02%     98.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::3                    4067      1.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4                      11      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::5                       1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6                      19      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::7                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::9                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::11                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::13                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::15                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::19                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total              395117                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                   366582102                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                  183399215                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       4                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses               366582103                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses              183399215                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                        549981317                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                    549981318                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                  1418538594                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses              1418538594                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                       1418538594                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                   1418538594                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7897029626                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1283126978                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   1374985269                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1329079768                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   91635322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     45908584                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1329079768                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2062795443                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1054043892                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          5224791432                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          504109700                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    550000443                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  366593847                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 183406596                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              20667553.743820                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              7876362072.256180                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.997383                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.002617                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        137549993                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                825000308     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   10089      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                24      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               366593847     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              183406596     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                1375010864                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      18                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements            28642                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs         1418669590                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs            28642                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         49531.093848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2837105830                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses      2837105830                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst   1418509952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1418509952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst   1418509952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total      1418509952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst   1418509952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total     1418509952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst        28642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        28642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst        28642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total         28642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst        28642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total        28642                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    426267863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    426267863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    426267863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    426267863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    426267863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    426267863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst   1418538594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1418538594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst   1418538594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total   1418538594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst   1418538594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total   1418538594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14882.615146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14882.615146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14882.615146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14882.615146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 14882.615146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14882.615146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        28642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        28642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        28642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        28642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst        28642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    368453137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    368453137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    368453137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    368453137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    368453137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    368453137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12864.085504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12864.085504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12864.085504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12864.085504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 12864.085504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12864.085504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry              3101                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements             2859                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          215.731800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs          354451463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs         123977.426723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   215.731800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.842702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.842702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          201                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1008410636                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1008410636                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data    320793965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      320793965                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data    183390601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     183390601                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         5238                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         5238                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2932                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2932                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2433                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2433                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data    504184566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total       504184566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data    504189804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total      504189804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         3455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         3672                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3672                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           54                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           54                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          536                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          536                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total          7127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data         7181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total         7181                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     43175953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43175953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    138565865                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    138565865                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       432500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       432500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     33930493                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     33930493                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    181741818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    181741818                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    181741818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    181741818                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data    320797420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    320797420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data    183394273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    183394273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         5292                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         5292                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2981                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2981                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2969                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2969                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data    504191693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total    504191693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data    504196985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total    504196985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.010204                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.010204                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.016437                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.016437                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.180532                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.180532                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 12496.657887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12496.657887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 37735.802015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37735.802015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  8826.530612                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8826.530612                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 63303.158582                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63303.158582                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 25500.465554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25500.465554                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 25308.706030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25308.706030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total             1185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           39                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         3455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         3672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           54                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          536                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          536                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         7181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     36220047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36220047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    131118135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131118135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       397500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       397500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        47000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        47000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     32852507                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32852507                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    167338182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    167338182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    167735682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    167735682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 1925061280240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1925061280240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data     78443000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     78443000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data 1925139723240                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1925139723240                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.010204                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010204                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.003355                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003355                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.180532                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180532                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 10483.371056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10483.371056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 35707.553105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35707.553105                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  7361.111111                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7361.111111                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data         4700                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         4700                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 61291.990672                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61291.990672                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 23479.469903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23479.469903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 23358.262359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23358.262359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry           1840884                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                   367146594                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                  183657576                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       4                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses               367146594                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses              183657576                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                        550804170                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                    550804170                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                  1420841707                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses              1420841707                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                       1420841707                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                   1420841707                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7897020078                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1285083364                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1377046411                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           1331079860                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   91780727                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     45967623                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  1331079860                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         2065807310                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        1055635566                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          5232645814                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          504869228                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    550818066                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  367155123                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 183662943                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              8739579.713952                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7888280498.286048                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.998893                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.001107                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        137754414                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                826237437     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   10056      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                20      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               367155123     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              183662943     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1377065579                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      19                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            21090                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs         1420979822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            21090                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs         67376.947463                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2841704504                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses      2841704504                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst   1420820617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1420820617                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst   1420820617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total      1420820617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst   1420820617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total     1420820617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst        21090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        21090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst        21090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         21090                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst        21090                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        21090                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    320162881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    320162881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    320162881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    320162881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    320162881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    320162881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst   1420841707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1420841707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst   1420841707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total   1420841707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst   1420841707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total   1420841707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15180.790944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15180.790944                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15180.790944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15180.790944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 15180.790944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15180.790944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        21090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        21090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        21090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21090                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    277525119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    277525119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    277525119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    277525119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    277525119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    277525119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13159.085775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13159.085775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13159.085775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13159.085775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 13159.085775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13159.085775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry              2308                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements             1627                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          198.457961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             517070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             1627                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           317.805778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   198.457961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.775226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.775226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.804688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1009900981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1009900981                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data    321283537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      321283537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data    183651498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     183651498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2078                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         2078                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2033                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2033                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data    504935035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total       504935035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data    504937113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total      504937113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         4417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1950                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1950                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           41                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           41                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           53                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           53                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          124                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          124                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data         6367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total          6367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data         6408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total         6408                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     41977882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     41977882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     38393956                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     38393956                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       462498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       462498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      5537498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      5537498                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     80371838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     80371838                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     80371838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     80371838                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data    321287954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    321287954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data    183653448                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    183653448                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2119                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2119                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2169                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2157                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2157                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data    504941402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total    504941402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data    504943521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total    504943521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.019349                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.019349                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.024435                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024435                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.057487                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.057487                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9503.708852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9503.708852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 19689.208205                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19689.208205                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  8726.377358                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8726.377358                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 44657.241935                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44657.241935                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 12623.188001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12623.188001                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 12542.421660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12542.421660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total              340                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         4417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1950                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           41                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          124                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         6367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         6408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     33042118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33042118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     34460044                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34460044                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       381002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       381002                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        71500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        71500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      5287502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5287502                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     67502162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67502162                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     67883164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67883164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 1928233473322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1928233473322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data     81631500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     81631500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data 1928315104822                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1928315104822                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.019349                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019349                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.005994                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005994                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.057487                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057487                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  7480.669685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7480.669685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 17671.817436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17671.817436                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  9292.731707                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9292.731707                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data         5500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         5500                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 42641.145161                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42641.145161                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10601.878750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10601.878750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 10593.502497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10593.502497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry           1602300                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                   366663755                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                  183415979                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses               366663756                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses              183415979                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                        550079734                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                    550079735                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                  1418329063                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses              1418329063                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                       1418329063                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                   1418329063                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7897026255                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 1283392506                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   1375234450                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1329328742                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                   91660016                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     45906785                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1329328742                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2063089044                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes        1054247078                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads          5225760963                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          504204714                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    550093540                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  366672236                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                 183421304                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              19123958.781668                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              7877902296.218331                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.997578                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.002422                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        137572882                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                825149923     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   10030      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                16      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               366672236     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite              183421304     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                1375253509                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                      28                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements            20849                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs         1418446463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs            20849                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs         68034.268454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2836678975                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses      2836678975                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst   1418308214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1418308214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst   1418308214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total      1418308214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst   1418308214                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total     1418308214                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst        20849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        20849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst        20849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total         20849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst        20849                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total        20849                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    315109353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    315109353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    315109353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    315109353                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    315109353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    315109353                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst   1418329063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1418329063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst   1418329063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total   1418329063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst   1418329063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total   1418329063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15113.883304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15113.883304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15113.883304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15113.883304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 15113.883304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15113.883304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        20849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        20849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst        20849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    272953647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    272953647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    272953647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    272953647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    272953647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    272953647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13091.929925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13091.929925                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13091.929925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13091.929925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 13091.929925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13091.929925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry              2193                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements             2037                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          209.482101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             522020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           256.269023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   209.482101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.818289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.818289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1008573354                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1008573354                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data    320860202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      320860202                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data    183409937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     183409937                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         2058                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         2058                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2113                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         2006                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2006                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data    504270139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total       504270139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data    504272197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total      504272197                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         5150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data         1936                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1936                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           30                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          128                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          128                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data         7086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total          7086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data         7124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total         7124                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     52649441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52649441                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     36738973                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     36738973                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       267000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       267000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      5417000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      5417000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     89388414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     89388414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     89388414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     89388414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data    320865352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    320865352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data    183411873                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    183411873                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         2096                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2096                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         2143                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2143                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         2134                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2134                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data    504277225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total    504277225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data    504279321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total    504279321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.018130                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.018130                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.013999                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.013999                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.059981                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.059981                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10223.192427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10223.192427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 18976.742252                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18976.742252                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data         8900                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total         8900                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 42320.312500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42320.312500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 12614.791702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12614.791702                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 12547.503369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12547.503369                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          295                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total              295                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         5150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         1936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1936                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          128                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         7086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data         7124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7124                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     42299559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42299559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     32841027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32841027                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       242000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       242000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        41000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        41000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      5161000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5161000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     75140586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75140586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     75382586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75382586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 1926345089838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1926345089838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data     80779000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     80779000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data 1926425868838                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1926425868838                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.018130                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018130                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.004200                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004200                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.059981                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059981                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  8213.506602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8213.506602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 16963.340393                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16963.340393                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  6368.421053                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6368.421053                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  4555.555556                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4555.555556                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 40320.312500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40320.312500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10604.090601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10604.090601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 10581.497193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10581.497193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry           2290955                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                   367101343                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                  183634795                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses               367101344                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses              183634795                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                        550736138                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                    550736139                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                  1420315964                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses              1420315964                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                       1420315964                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                   1420315964                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7897026320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                 1284923863                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1376875223                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses           1330914835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   91769391                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     45961441                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                  1330914835                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         2065550288                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes        1055505044                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads          5231995994                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          504806256                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    550749930                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  367109820                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                 183640110                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              9510057.760979                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              7887516262.239020                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.998796                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.001204                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        137736926                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                826134294     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   10027      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                16      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               367109820     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite              183640110     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1376894267                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                      34                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements            20854                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs         1420413407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs            20854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs         68112.276158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2840652782                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses      2840652782                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst   1420295110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1420295110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst   1420295110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total      1420295110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst   1420295110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total     1420295110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst        20854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        20854                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst        20854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total         20854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst        20854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total        20854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    312345339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    312345339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    312345339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    312345339                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    312345339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    312345339                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst   1420315964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1420315964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst   1420315964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total   1420315964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst   1420315964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total   1420315964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14977.718375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14977.718375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14977.718375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14977.718375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 14977.718375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14977.718375                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        20854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        20854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        20854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst        20854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    270138661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    270138661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    270138661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    270138661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst    270138661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    270138661                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 12953.805553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12953.805553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 12953.805553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12953.805553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 12953.805553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12953.805553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry              2247                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements             5722                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          190.504001                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs          458686793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             5722                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs         80161.970115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   190.504001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.744156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.744156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          194                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.757812                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1009780441                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1009780441                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data    321240085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      321240085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data    183628566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     183628566                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1655                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         1655                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         1693                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1693                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         2009                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2009                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data    504868651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total       504868651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data    504870306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total      504870306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         8154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         8154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data         2123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2123                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          440                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          449                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          449                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          125                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          125                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data        10277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total         10277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data        10717                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total        10717                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    100478392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100478392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     51890930                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     51890930                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      5826998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      5826998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      6956000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      6956000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    152369322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    152369322                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    152369322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    152369322                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data    321248239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    321248239                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data    183630689                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    183630689                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2095                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2095                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2142                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2142                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2134                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2134                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data    504878928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total    504878928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data    504881023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total    504881023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.210024                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.210024                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.209617                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.209617                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.058575                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.058575                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12322.589159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12322.589159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 24442.265662                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24442.265662                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12977.723831                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12977.723831                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        55648                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        55648                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 14826.245208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14826.245208                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 14217.534944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14217.534944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total             2923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          438                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         8154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data         2123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          440                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          440                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          125                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          125                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        10277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        10717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     84071608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84071608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     47577070                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47577070                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      5743001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5743001                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        79001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        79001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      6706000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6706000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    131648678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131648678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data    137391679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    137391679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 1928348189348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1928348189348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data     78782500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     78782500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data 1928426971848                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1928426971848                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.210024                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210024                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.005135                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005135                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.058575                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058575                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 10310.474368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10310.474368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 22410.301460                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22410.301460                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 13052.275000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13052.275000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  7181.909091                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7181.909091                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        53648                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53648                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12810.029970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12810.029970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 12819.975646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12819.975646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry           2039603                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                   366665794                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                  183417323                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses               366665795                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses              183417323                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                        550083117                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                    550083118                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                  1418610605                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses              1418610605                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                       1418610605                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                   1418610605                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                      7897016615                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                 1283400269                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                   1375243391                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses           1329337024                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                   91660495                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts     45907445                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                  1329337024                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads         2063103070                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes        1054253331                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads          5225794347                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes          504207909                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                    550097012                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                  366674318                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                 183422694                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              18996859.563954                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              7878019755.436046                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.997594                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.002406                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                        137574029                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                825155476     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                   10050      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                20      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead               366674318     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite              183422694     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                1375262558                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                      15                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements            21082                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs         1418688034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs            21082                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs         67293.806755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2837242292                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses      2837242292                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst   1418589523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1418589523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst   1418589523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total      1418589523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst   1418589523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total     1418589523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.inst        21082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        21082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.inst        21082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_misses::total         21082                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.inst        21082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_misses::total        21082                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    323209289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    323209289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    323209289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    323209289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    323209289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    323209289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst   1418610605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1418610605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst   1418610605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total   1418610605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst   1418610605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total   1418610605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15331.054407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15331.054407                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15331.054407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15331.054407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 15331.054407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15331.054407                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        21082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        21082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.inst        21082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    280535711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    280535711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    280535711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    280535711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst    280535711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    280535711                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 13306.883170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13306.883170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 13306.883170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13306.883170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.inst 13306.883170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13306.883170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry              2426                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements             2944                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          205.882078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs         1151482049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2944                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs         391128.413383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   205.882078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.804227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.804227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1008581198                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1008581198                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data    320861226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      320861226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data    183411040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     183411040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         2069                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         2069                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         2104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data         2037                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2037                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data    504272266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total       504272266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data    504274335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total      504274335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         6032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6032                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data         2160                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2160                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           47                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           47                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu4.data           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu4.data          115                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          115                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data         8192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total          8192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data         8239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total         8239                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     63374876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63374876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     47728912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     47728912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       702999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       702999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      5142492                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      5142492                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    111103788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    111103788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data    111103788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    111103788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data    320867258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    320867258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data    183413200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    183413200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2116                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2116                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data         2152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data    504280458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total    504280458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data    504282574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total    504282574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.022212                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.022212                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028176                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.028176                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.053439                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.053439                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 10506.444960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10506.444960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 22096.718519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22096.718519                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 11524.573770                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11524.573770                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 44717.321739                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44717.321739                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 13562.474121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13562.474121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 13485.105959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13485.105959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.writebacks::total              911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu4.data           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         6032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         2160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           47                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data          115                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         8192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data         8239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     51208124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51208124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     43330088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43330088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       548500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       548500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data       145501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       145501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data      4909508                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4909508                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     94538212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94538212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data     95086712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95086712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data 1926072371792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1926072371792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data     81536000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     81536000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data 1926153907792                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1926153907792                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.022212                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022212                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.006928                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006928                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.053439                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.053439                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  8489.410477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8489.410477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 20060.225926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20060.225926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 11670.212766                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11670.212766                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  9700.066667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9700.066667                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 42691.373913                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42691.373913                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 11540.309082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11540.309082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data 11541.050127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11541.050127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu4.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry           2008687                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                   366441865                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         2                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                  183307208                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       2                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses               366441867                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses              183307208                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                        549749073                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                    549749075                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                  1417570479                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses              1417570479                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                       1417570479                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                   1417570479                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                      7897023864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                 1282618470                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                   1374409264                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses           1328529393                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                   91604486                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts     45881170                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                  1328529393                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads         2061855626                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes        1053610718                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads          5222622701                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes          503900777                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                    549763585                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                  366450629                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                 183312956                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              23884830.644818                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              7873139033.355182                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.996975                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.003025                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                        137491805                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                824655430     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                   10092      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                44      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead               366450629     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite              183312956     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                1374429151                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                      46                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements            21597                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs         1417605491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs            21597                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs         65639.000370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2835162555                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses      2835162555                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst   1417548882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1417548882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst   1417548882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total      1417548882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst   1417548882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total     1417548882                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst        21597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        21597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst        21597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total         21597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst        21597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total        21597                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    325539824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    325539824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    325539824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    325539824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    325539824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    325539824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst   1417570479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1417570479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst   1417570479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total   1417570479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst   1417570479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total   1417570479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15073.381673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15073.381673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15073.381673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15073.381673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 15073.381673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15073.381673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        21597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        21597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst        21597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    281861176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    281861176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    281861176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    281861176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst    281861176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    281861176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 13050.941149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13050.941149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 13050.941149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13050.941149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 13050.941149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13050.941149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry              2194                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements             2407                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          206.262570                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs          562571110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs         233722.937266                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   206.262570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.805713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.805713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.742188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1007970030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1007970030                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data    320666475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      320666475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data    183300813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     183300813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         2154                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         2154                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         2218                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2218                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         2148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2148                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data    503967288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total       503967288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data    503969442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total      503969442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         5418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         5418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data         2159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2159                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           53                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           53                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           72                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          117                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          117                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data         7577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total          7577                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data         7630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total         7630                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     56853885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56853885                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     46843428                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46843428                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       818996                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       818996                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5410489                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      5410489                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    103697313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    103697313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data    103697313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    103697313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data    320671893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    320671893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data    183302972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    183302972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2207                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2207                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2290                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         2265                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2265                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data    503974865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total    503974865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data    503977072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total    503977072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.024014                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.024014                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.031441                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.031441                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.051656                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.051656                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 10493.518826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10493.518826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 21696.817045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21696.817045                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11374.944444                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11374.944444                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 46243.495726                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46243.495726                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13685.800845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13685.800845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13590.735649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13590.735649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total              609                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           52                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         5418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         2159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           53                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          117                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         7577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data         7630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     45925115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45925115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     42459572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42459572                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       540504                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       540504                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       253500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       253500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5171511                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5171511                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     88384687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88384687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     88925191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88925191                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data 1925034875215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1925034875215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data     80806500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     80806500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data 1925115681715                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1925115681715                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.024014                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024014                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.008734                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008734                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.051656                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051656                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  8476.396272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8476.396272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 19666.314034                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19666.314034                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 10198.188679                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10198.188679                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        12675                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        12675                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 44200.948718                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44200.948718                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11664.865646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11664.865646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 11654.677720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11654.677720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry           2176921                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                   367106955                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                        10                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                  183641947                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        2                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses               367106965                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses              183641949                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                        550748902                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                             12                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                    550748914                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                  1419759866                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         2                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses              1419759868                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                       1419759866                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              2                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                   1419759868                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                      7897052059                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                 1284951628                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                   1376908209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses           1330943902                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                   91770091                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts     45965916                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                  1330943902                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads         2065607127                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes        1055522628                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads          5232115446                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes          504816870                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                    550763634                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                  367115719                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                 183647915                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              9567296.594451                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              7887484762.405549                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.998788                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.001212                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                        137742200                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                826154496     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                   10114      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                34      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead               367115719     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite              183647915     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                1376928278                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       5                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements            21615                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs         1419743846                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs            21615                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs         65683.268378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2839541347                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses      2839541347                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst   1419738251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1419738251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst   1419738251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total      1419738251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst   1419738251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total     1419738251                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.inst        21615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        21615                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.inst        21615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_misses::total         21615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.inst        21615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_misses::total        21615                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    324584950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    324584950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    324584950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    324584950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    324584950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    324584950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst   1419759866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1419759866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst   1419759866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total   1419759866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst   1419759866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total   1419759866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 15016.652787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15016.652787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 15016.652787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15016.652787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 15016.652787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15016.652787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst        21615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst        21615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.inst        21615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    280941050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    280941050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    280941050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    280941050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst    280941050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    280941050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12997.504048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12997.504048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12997.504048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12997.504048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.inst 12997.504048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12997.504048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry              2280                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements             3715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          220.157446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs          504555917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             3715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs         135815.859219                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   220.157446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.859990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.859990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.839844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1009805040                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1009805040                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data    321248227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      321248227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data    183635281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     183635281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data         2155                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         2155                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data         2220                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2220                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data         2149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2149                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data    504883508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total       504883508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data    504885663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total      504885663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data         6031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         6031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data         2431                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2431                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           50                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           50                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu6.data           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu6.data          114                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          114                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data         8462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total          8462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data         8512                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total         8512                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     67153910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67153910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     50495920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     50495920                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       605998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       605998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      5283991                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      5283991                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    117649830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    117649830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    117649830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    117649830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data    321254258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    321254258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data    183637712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    183637712                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         2205                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2205                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         2281                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2281                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data         2263                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2263                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data    504891970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total    504891970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data    504894175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total    504894175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.022676                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.022676                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.026743                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.026743                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.050376                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.050376                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 11134.788592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11134.788592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 20771.665981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20771.665981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  9934.393443                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9934.393443                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 46350.798246                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46350.798246                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 13903.312456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13903.312456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 13821.643562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13821.643562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.writebacks::total             1909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu6.data           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         6031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         2431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2431                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           50                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data          114                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          114                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         8462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data         8512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     55022090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55022090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data     45559080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45559080                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       554502                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       554502                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        46500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        46500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data      5051009                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5051009                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    100581170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100581170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data    101135672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101135672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data 1928903189275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1928903189275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data     92865000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     92865000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data 1928996054275                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1928996054275                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.022676                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022676                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.005261                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005261                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.050376                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050376                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data  9123.211739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9123.211739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 18740.880296                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18740.880296                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 11090.040000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11090.040000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data         3875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 44307.096491                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44307.096491                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 11886.217206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11886.217206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 11881.540414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11881.540414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu6.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry           2548033                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                   367554110                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                        10                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                  183861467                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       6                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses               367554120                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses              183861467                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                        551415577                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                             10                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                    551415587                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                  1422635644                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         4                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       8                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses              1422635648                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                       1422635644                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              4                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                   1422635648                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                      7902365677                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                 1286516976                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                   1378583669                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses           1332562761                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                   209                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                   91882396                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts     46021949                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                  1332562761                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                          209                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads         2068109445                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes        1056809207                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                 145                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                 64                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads          5238480370                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes          505436423                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                    551429581                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                  367562816                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                 183866765                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles                7902365677                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                        137910466                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                827163323     60.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                   10045      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                37      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead               367562816     26.66%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite              183866765     13.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                1378602987                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements            21429                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs         1422598380                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs            21429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs         66386.596668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses       2845292717                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses      2845292717                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst   1422614215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total     1422614215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst   1422614215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total      1422614215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst   1422614215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total     1422614215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst        21429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        21429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst        21429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total         21429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst        21429                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total        21429                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst    338261134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    338261134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst    338261134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    338261134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst    338261134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    338261134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst   1422635644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1422635644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst   1422635644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total   1422635644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst   1422635644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total   1422635644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15785.203883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15785.203883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15785.203883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15785.203883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 15785.203883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15785.203883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst        21429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst        21429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        21429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst        21429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst    295106866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    295106866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst    295106866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    295106866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst    295106866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    295106866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 13771.378319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13771.378319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 13771.378319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13771.378319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 13771.378319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13771.378319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry              2701                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements             2109                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          244.192677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs             238525                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             2109                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs           113.098625                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   244.192677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.953878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.953878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          241                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.941406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses       1011022377                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses      1011022377                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data    321640391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      321640391                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data    183856102                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     183856102                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         2133                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         2133                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         2245                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2245                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         2182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2182                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data    505496493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total       505496493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data    505498626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total      505498626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data         4490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         4490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data         1105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           41                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           41                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           54                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           54                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          105                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          105                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data         5595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total          5595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data         5636                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total         5636                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     46325819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46325819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     26480995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26480995                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       636997                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       636997                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5029490                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      5029490                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     72806814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     72806814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     72806814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     72806814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data    321644881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    321644881                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data    183857207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    183857207                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2174                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2174                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2299                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2299                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2287                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2287                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data    505502088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total    505502088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data    505504262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total    505504262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.018859                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.018859                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.023488                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.023488                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.045912                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.045912                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 10317.554343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10317.554343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 23964.701357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23964.701357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 11796.240741                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11796.240741                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 47899.904762                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47899.904762                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 13012.835389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13012.835389                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 12918.171398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12918.171398                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total              787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           41                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         4490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         1105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           41                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          105                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         5595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data         5636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     37191181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37191181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     24269005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24269005                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       500003                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       500003                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       123000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       123000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4813510                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4813510                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     61460186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61460186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data     61960189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61960189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data 1930143526343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1930143526343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data     80459000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     80459000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data 1930223985343                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1930223985343                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.018859                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018859                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.005655                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005655                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.045912                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045912                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  8283.113808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8283.113808                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 21962.900452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21962.900452                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 12195.195122                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12195.195122                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  9461.538462                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9461.538462                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 45842.952381                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45842.952381                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 10984.841108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10984.841108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 10993.646026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10993.646026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry           1477145                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.host 3951182839000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -59491152.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       59569776.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -277686428342.399963
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       322694120246.400024
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -40132920.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       40185960.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -187328146104.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       217690477944.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -226586380.800000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       226742131.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -228840511411.200043
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       265989531225.599976
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -101331855.360000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       101550827.520000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -955752099.840000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       955907619.840000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -13827974430167.046875
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       16006184742973.439453
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -13827974430167.046875
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       16006184742973.439453
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -4015084577273.280273
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       4647444985828.800781
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -5253572421567.358398
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       6086483465376.963867
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -44638060743120.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       51669628763088.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -43551667897248.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       50407314307344.007812
total_sim_seconds                       3.95118
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       63181560494.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       7902365678.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       110490136.803642
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       10641776285.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       338551175.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       657.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       1101332715.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       37843245.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       2935334508.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       224735248.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       1468381283.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       75102350.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       10274014054.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       376331652.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       16515917353.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       750793774.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       8439627464.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       225641553.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       593.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       64.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       733762924.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       23506.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       10641776285.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       338551175.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       657.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       11356601928.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       6.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       11356601922.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       177158.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       2568637255.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       1468301374.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       4403598056.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       28.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       43147.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       17536.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       1466650007
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       39.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       74424839.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       67.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       439.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       130.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       74417480.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       270.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       440.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       2.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       366579339.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       12601.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       733183828.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
