sim_seconds                                  0.576376                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                576375678000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               4200639090500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2401273                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  2614037                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1569957133                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2646920                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   367.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   881575243                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     959687042                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total            2                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total            2                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       495104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       494592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total          1016064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        12288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total        25344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       817664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        817664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total              3969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks         3194                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total             3194                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         9771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       858995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        21319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       858107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         7106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         5774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total             1762850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         9771                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        21319                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         7106                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         5774                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total          43971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks       1418630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            1418630                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks       1418630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         9771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       858995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        21319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       858107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         7106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         5774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total            3181481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                      3969                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                     3194                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                   31752                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                  25552                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM              1016064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                817408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys               1016064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             817664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            5                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3            4048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5            4040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6            4000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7            3944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0            3232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2            3121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3            3199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4            3152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                576357783000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5               31752                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5              25552                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                  3968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                  3968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                  3968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                  3968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                  3968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                  3968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                  3968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                  3968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                 1046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                 1063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                 1093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                 1093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                 1093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                 1094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                 1094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                 1094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                 1094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                 1079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples         8295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.033394                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.823494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.895730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1019     12.28%     12.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95           73      0.88%     13.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127           34      0.41%     13.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159           15      0.18%     13.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191           49      0.59%     14.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223           66      0.80%     15.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          984     11.86%     27.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6055     73.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total         8295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.340344                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.948106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.985197                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             2      0.19%      0.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           60      5.74%      5.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          479     45.79%     51.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          275     26.29%     78.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          142     13.58%     91.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           46      4.40%     95.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           26      2.49%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            9      0.86%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            3      0.29%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.29%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total         1046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1046                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.420650                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.365800                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.786422                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            991     94.74%     94.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::32             55      5.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total         1046                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                  866462228                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat            1404658628                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                101606400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   27288.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              44238.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                       1.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       1.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                    1.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    1.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    31.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                  27759                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                 21242                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                 80463183.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  85.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE 524862110696                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF   50644690200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT     868684985                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          2818972.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          2895177.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          2930860.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          2953238.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0          1901688.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1               1953096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2          1977168.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3               1992264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0              9185280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         9454348.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         9540710.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         9456844.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0             5889024                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        5906027.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        5981921.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        5955379.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      6129583755.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      6130802972.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      6132134364.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      6133586906.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0       67755043488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1       67753974000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2       67752806112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3       67751531952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        94902433662.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        94902997076.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        94903382591.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        94903488039.360016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.861347                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.861809                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.862126                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.862212                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       499712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       498688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total          1013248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total        12032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       822784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        822784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1952                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total              3958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks         3214                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total             3214                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         7995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       866990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         7995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       865213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         2221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total             1757965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7995                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7995                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3553                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total          20875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       1427513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            1427513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       1427513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         7995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       866990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         7995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       865213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         2221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total            3185478                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                      3958                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                     3214                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                   31664                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                  25712                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM              1012992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                822784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys               1013248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             822784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           58                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0            4000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0            3240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3            3191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5            3217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6            3264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                576375729000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5               31664                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5              25712                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                  3957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                  3957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                  3957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                  3957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                  3957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                  3957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                  3957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                  3957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                 1061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                 1061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                 1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                 1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                 1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                 1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                 1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                 1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                 1063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                 1063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                 1064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                 1064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                 1064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                 1064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                 1077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                 1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                 1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                 1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                 1086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                 1086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                 1086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                 1086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                 1073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                 1062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples         8289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.471348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.120055                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.770582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1040     12.55%     12.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95           36      0.43%     12.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127           31      0.37%     13.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159           25      0.30%     13.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191           35      0.42%     14.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223           33      0.40%     14.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1022     12.33%     26.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6067     73.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total         8289                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean    29.779868                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.070164                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             1      0.09%      0.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             1      0.09%      0.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           45      4.23%      4.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          528     49.67%     54.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          276     25.96%     80.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          135     12.70%     92.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           55      5.17%     97.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           12      1.13%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            5      0.47%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.19%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.19%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total         1063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.188147                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.158786                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.288209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.09%      0.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.09%      0.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24           1034     97.27%     97.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::30              1      0.09%     97.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::32             26      2.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total         1063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                  886280760                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat            1422849960                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                101299200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   27997.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              44947.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                       1.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       1.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                    1.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    1.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    31.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                  27671                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                 21408                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                 80364714.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  85.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE 524887991184                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF   50644690200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT     842804497                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          3004646.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          2990131.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          3017347.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          3105043.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0               2026944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1          2017152.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2          2035512.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3          2094672.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         9945062.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         9785817.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         9729907.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         10129766.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        6177669.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        6117949.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        6154859.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        6267248.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      6131719586.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      6131486589.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      6131900162.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      6134249839.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0       67753169952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1      67753374336.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2       67753011552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3       67750950432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        94904055314.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        94903783429.440018                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        94903860794.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3         94904808456                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.862678                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.862455                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.862518                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.863295                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       494592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       498176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total          1012480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total        18432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       817152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        817152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total              3955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks         3192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total             3192                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         7551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       858107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        15990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       864325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         4886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         3553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total             1756632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7551                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        15990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4886                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3553                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total          31979                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks       1417742                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total            1417742                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks       1417742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         7551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       858107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        15990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       864325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         4886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         3553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total            3174374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                      3955                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                     3192                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                   31640                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                  25536                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM              1012480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                817152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys               1012480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             817152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          146                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5            4136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1            3224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2            3136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4            3161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5            3247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                576365278000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5               31640                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5              25536                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                 1065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                 1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                 1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                 1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                 1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                 1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                 1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                 1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                 1070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples         8260                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.505085                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.395998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.605304                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1018     12.32%     12.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95           51      0.62%     12.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127           34      0.41%     13.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159           22      0.27%     13.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191           44      0.53%     14.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223           46      0.56%     14.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          990     11.99%     26.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6055     73.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total         8260                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1051                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.112274                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.748532                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.805671                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             3      0.29%      0.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           58      5.52%      5.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          500     47.57%     53.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          260     24.74%     78.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          148     14.08%     92.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           42      4.00%     96.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           24      2.28%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           10      0.95%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            4      0.38%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total         1051                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.296860                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.257576                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.512922                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24           1012     96.29%     96.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::32             39      3.71%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total         1051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                  866064692                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat            1402362692                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                101248000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   27372.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              44322.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                       1.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       1.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                    1.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    1.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    31.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                  27661                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                 21255                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              83.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                 80644365.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  85.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE 524872385284                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF   50644690200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT     858410397                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          2826835.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1               2872800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2               2954448                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          2928441.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0               1906992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1               1938000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2               1993080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3               1975536                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         9153331.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         9285619.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         9577651.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         9388953.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        5938790.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        5935472.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        6025466.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        5962014.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      6129385833.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      6130997228.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      6131822077.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      6132759376.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0      67755217104.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1       67753803600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2       67753080048                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3      67752257856.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        94902440340.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        94902844174.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        94903464225.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        94903283632.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.861353                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.861684                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.862193                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.862044                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       493568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       496384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total          1005824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total        13056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       815872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        815872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total              3929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks         3187                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total             3187                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         8883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       856330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        10216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       861216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total             1745084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         8883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        10216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1332                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total          22652                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       1415521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            1415521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       1415521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         8883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       856330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        10216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       861216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total            3160605                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                      3929                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                     3187                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                   31432                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                  25496                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM              1005600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                815872                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys               1005824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             815872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          192                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0            3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3            3905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6            3864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2            3193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3            3183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                576378515000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5               31432                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5              25496                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                  3929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                  3928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                 1063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                 1065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples         8192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.347656                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.056500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.367801                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1031     12.59%     12.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95           26      0.32%     12.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127           18      0.22%     13.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.07%     13.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191           19      0.23%     13.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223           28      0.34%     13.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1015     12.39%     26.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6049     73.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total         8192                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.014327                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.713769                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.596087                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             1      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           68      6.49%      6.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          470     44.89%     51.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          286     27.32%     78.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          151     14.42%     93.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           42      4.01%     97.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           15      1.43%     98.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            8      0.76%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            3      0.29%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            2      0.19%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total         1047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1047                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.351480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.305269                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.640389                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24           1001     95.61%     95.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::32             46      4.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total         1047                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                  844468810                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat            1377122560                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                100560000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   26872.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              43822.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                       1.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       1.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                    1.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    1.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    31.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                  27474                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                 21255                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                 80997542.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  85.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE 524890903743                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF   50644690200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT     839891938                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          2873404.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          2817158.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          2918764.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3               2872800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0          1938408.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1               1900464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2          1969008.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3               1938000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         9432883.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         9174297.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         9501772.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         9221222.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        5928837.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        5846307.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        6064865.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        5892341.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      6130324336.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      6129611717.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      6130550767.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      6131589298.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0      67754393856.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1       67755018960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2       67754195232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3       67753284240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        94902903179.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        94902380359.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        94903211864.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        94902809356.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.861732                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.861303                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.861986                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.861655                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       497920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         8704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       496896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total          1016832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         8704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total        20736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       820736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        820736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total              3972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks         3206                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total             3206                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         9771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       863881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        15101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       862104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         6662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         4442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total             1764183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         9771                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        15101                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         6662                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         4442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total          35977                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks       1423960                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            1423960                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks       1423960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         9771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       863881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        15101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       862104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         6662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         4442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total            3188143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                      3972                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                     3206                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                   31776                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                  25648                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM              1016832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                820480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys               1016832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             820736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         1248                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3            4008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4            3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5            4072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0            3248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6            3225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7            3231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                576379117000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5               31776                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5              25648                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                  3972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                  3972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                  3972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                  3972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                  3972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                  3972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                  3972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                  3972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                 1060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                 1060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                 1060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                 1060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                 1060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                 1060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                 1059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                 1064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                 1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                 1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                 1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                 1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                 1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                 1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                 1087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                 1079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples         8310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.096510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.831257                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.895491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1028     12.37%     12.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95           61      0.73%     13.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127           35      0.42%     13.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159           23      0.28%     13.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191           39      0.47%     14.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223           61      0.73%     15.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          996     11.99%     26.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6067     73.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total         8310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1056                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.083333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.321670                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             1      0.09%      0.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           62      5.87%      5.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          481     45.55%     51.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          279     26.42%     77.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          157     14.87%     92.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           47      4.45%     97.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           17      1.61%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            8      0.76%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.19%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.19%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total         1056                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.280303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.243138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.471702                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24           1019     96.50%     96.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::32             37      3.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total         1056                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                  886583452                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat            1425186652                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                101683200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   27901.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              44851.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                       1.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       1.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                    1.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    1.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                  27788                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                 21318                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                 80298010.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  85.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE 524858391579                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF   50644690200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT     872799069                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          2846793.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          2892758.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2               2966544                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3               2933280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0               1920456                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1               1951464                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2               2001240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3               1978800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         9325555.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1              9382464                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         9704947.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         9365990.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        5908930.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        5938790.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        5988556.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        6008878.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      6129436668.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      6131777918.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      6132420221.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      6132720306.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0       67755172512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1      67753118784.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2       67752555360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3       67752292128                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        94902622369.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        94903073633.280014                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        94903648323.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        94903310836.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.861502                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.861872                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.862344                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.862067                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       495872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       496128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total          1006592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total        13824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       816384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        816384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total              3932                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks         3189                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total             3189                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        10660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       860328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         7106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       860772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total             1746417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        10660                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7106                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2221                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total          23984                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks       1416410                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            1416410                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks       1416410                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        10660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       860328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         7106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       860772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total            3162826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                      3932                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                     3189                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                   31456                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                  25512                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM              1006592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                816384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys               1006592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             816384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           10                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6            3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2            3152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4            3152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5            3215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6            3209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                576367724000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5               31456                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5              25512                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                  3931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                  3931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                  3931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                  3931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                  3931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                  3931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                  3931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                  3931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                 1065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                 1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                 1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                 1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                 1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                 1084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                 1070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                 1054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples         8254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.859704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.327963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.186237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1036     12.55%     12.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95           57      0.69%     13.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127           34      0.41%     13.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159           13      0.16%     13.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191           47      0.57%     14.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223           55      0.67%     15.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          997     12.08%     27.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6015     72.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total         8254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1051                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean    29.929591                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.136158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             2      0.19%      0.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             4      0.38%      0.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           78      7.42%      7.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          481     45.77%     53.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          253     24.07%     77.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          144     13.70%     91.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           55      5.23%     96.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           14      1.33%     98.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           13      1.24%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            5      0.48%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.19%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total         1051                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.274025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.237665                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.455721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24           1015     96.57%     96.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::32             36      3.43%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total         1051                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                  851881832                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat            1385061032                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                100659200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   27081.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              44031.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                       1.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       1.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                    1.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    1.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    31.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                  27499                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                 21215                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                 80939155.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  85.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE 524863443483                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF   50644690200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT     867338448                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          2866147.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          2867356.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2          2918764.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          2988316.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0               1933512                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1          1934328.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2          1969008.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3          2015928.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         9429388.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         9188275.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         9465331.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         9616588.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        5922201.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        5852528.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        5988556.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        6035420.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      6130840017.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      6130965271.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      6131251566.720000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      6133356645.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0      67753941504.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1       67753831632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2      67753580496.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3      67751733936.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        94902944225.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        94902650846.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        94903185177.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        94903758288.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.861766                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.861525                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.861964                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.862434                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       496128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       494848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total          1016064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        12032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total        21504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       818432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        818432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1933                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total              3969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks         3197                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total             3197                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         8883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       860772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        20875                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       858551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         3553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total             1762850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         8883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        20875                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3553                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total          37309                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       1419963                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            1419963                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       1419963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         8883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       860772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        20875                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       858551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         3553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total            3182813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                      3969                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                     3197                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                   31752                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                  25576                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM              1015584                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                   480                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                817920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys               1016064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             818432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                   15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs      2691910                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1            3969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3            4024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4            4032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2            3225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3            3191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                576521646000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5               31752                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5              25576                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                  3965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                  3964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                  3964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                  3964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                  3964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                  3964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                  3964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                  3964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                 1054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                 1065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                 1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                 1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                 1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                 1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                 1083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                 1083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                 1083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                 1071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                 1054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples         8278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.491181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.007233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.870563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1046     12.64%     12.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95           36      0.43%     13.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127           25      0.30%     13.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159           19      0.23%     13.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191           31      0.37%     13.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223           42      0.51%     14.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1011     12.21%     26.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6068     73.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total         8278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.153042                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.848924                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             1      0.10%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             3      0.29%      0.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           80      7.60%      7.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          452     42.97%     50.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          283     26.90%     77.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          138     13.12%     90.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           59      5.61%     96.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           22      2.09%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-65           11      1.05%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.19%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total         1052                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.296578                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.254615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.551975                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.10%      0.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24           1011     96.10%     96.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::32             40      3.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total         1052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                  854287762                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat            1392229912                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                101558400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   26917.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              43867.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                       1.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       1.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                    1.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    1.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    31.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                  27750                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                 21269                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                 80452364.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  85.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE 524875710283                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF   50644690200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT     855085398                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          2815948.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          2831673.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2               2893968                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          2901225.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0          1899648.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1               1910256                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2               1952280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3               1957176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         9129868.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         9274137.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2              9330048                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         9341030.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        5855846.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        5902709.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        5938790.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        5912248.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      6130109833.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      6128982273.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      6131431540.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      6131569927.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0      67754582016.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1      67755571104.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2      67753422624.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3       67753301232                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        94902404616.000015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        94902483608.640015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        94902980705.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        94902994294.079987                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.861323                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.861388                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.861796                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.861807                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       496640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       496384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total          1017344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total        19200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       820480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        820480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total              3974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks         3205                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total             3205                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        11548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       861660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        15990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       861216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total             1765071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        11548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        15990                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total          33312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks       1423516                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            1423516                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks       1423516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        11548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       861660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        15990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       861216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total            3188587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                      3974                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                     3205                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                   31792                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                  25640                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM              1017344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                820480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys               1017344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             820480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          166                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2            4032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5            4048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6            3880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7            4000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0            3224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5            3263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7            3201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                576508437000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5               31792                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5              25640                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                  3973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                  3973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                  3973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                  3973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                  3973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                  3973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                  3974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                  3974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                 1059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                 1054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                 1054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                 1054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                 1054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                 1074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                 1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                 1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                 1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                 1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                 1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                 1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                 1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                 1069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                 1054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples         8264                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.389158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.189524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.265275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1037     12.55%     12.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95           22      0.27%     12.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127           20      0.24%     13.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159           12      0.15%     13.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191           24      0.29%     13.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223           20      0.24%     13.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1029     12.45%     26.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6100     73.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total         8264                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1054                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.155598                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.857148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.608405                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           65      6.17%      6.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          467     44.31%     50.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          318     30.17%     80.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          118     11.20%     91.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           45      4.27%     96.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           26      2.47%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            9      0.85%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            4      0.38%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.19%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total         1054                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1054                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.326376                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.280623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.621240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.09%      0.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24           1009     95.73%     95.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::32             44      4.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total         1054                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                  867637588                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat            1406511988                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                101734400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   27291.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              44241.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                       1.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       1.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                    1.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    1.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    31.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                  27789                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                 21379                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                 80304838.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  85.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE 524873260867                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF   50644690200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT     857534814                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          2871590.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          2822601.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2               2960496                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3               2845584                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0               1937184                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1               1904136                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2               1997160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3               1919640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         9475814.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         9225715.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         9585139.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         9197260.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        5908930.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        5849210.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        6121267.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        5859578.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      6130474050.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      6129808819.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      6132101751.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3        6130471752                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0       67754262528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1      67754846064.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2       67752834720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3      67754264544.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        94902941551.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        94902468000.960022                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        94903611987.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        94902569813.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.861764                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.861375                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.862314                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.861459                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       497664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       498176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total          1014528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        17408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       820480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        820480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total              3963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks         3205                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total             3205                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        11548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       863437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        11548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       864325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         3109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total             1760185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        11548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        11548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3109                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total          30203                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks       1423516                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            1423516                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks       1423516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        11548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       863437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        11548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       864325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         3109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total            3183701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                      3963                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                     3205                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                   31704                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                  25640                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM              1014528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                820480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys               1014528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             820480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0            3944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3            4008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5            4048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0            3224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5            3224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6            3232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                576369444000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5               31704                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5              25640                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                  3963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                 1054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                 1069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                 1090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                 1090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                 1090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                 1090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                 1091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                 1091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                 1091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                 1075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples         8288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.405405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.022204                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.819922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1041     12.56%     12.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95           37      0.45%     13.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127           33      0.40%     13.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159           21      0.25%     13.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191           34      0.41%     14.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223           41      0.49%     14.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1018     12.28%     26.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6063     73.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total         8288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1053                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.100665                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.851542                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.407208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           58      5.51%      5.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          486     46.15%     51.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          292     27.73%     79.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          134     12.73%     92.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           51      4.84%     96.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           20      1.90%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            8      0.76%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.19%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.09%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total         1053                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1053                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.349478                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.301217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.668710                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.09%      0.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.09%      0.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24           1004     95.35%     95.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::32             47      4.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total         1053                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                  910528424                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat            1447911224                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                101452800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   28719.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              45669.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                       1.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       1.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                    1.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    1.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    31.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                  27713                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                 21343                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                 80408683.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  85.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE 524872528596                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF   50644690200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT     858191585                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          2859494.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          2931465.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          2981059.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          2965334.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0               1929024                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1               1977576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2          2011032.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3               2000424                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0         9436876.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1              9789312                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         9625574.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         9545702.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        5935472.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        5965747.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        6068183.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        6068183.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      6129209361.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      6130145347.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      6132062571.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      6132016935.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0      67755371904.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1      67754550864.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2       67752869088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3       67752909120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        94902753587.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        94903371766.080017                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        94903628962.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        94903517153.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.861610                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.862117                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.862328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.862236                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       496640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       495616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total          1007872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total        11776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       820224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        820224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total              3937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks         3204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total             3204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         6662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       861660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         7106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       859884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         3109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total             1748637                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6662                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7106                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total          20431                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       1423072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            1423072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       1423072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         6662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       861660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         7106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       859884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         3109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total            3171709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                      3937                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                     3204                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                   31496                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                  25632                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM              1007840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                    32                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                820224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys               1007872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             820224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                    1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          193                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1            3959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2            3944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3            3912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4            4008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5            3232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6            3192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7            3232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                576379117000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5               31496                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5              25632                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                  3936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                  3937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                  3937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                  3937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                  3937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                  3937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                  3937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                  3936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                 1059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                 1059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                 1059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                 1059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                 1059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                 1059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                 1059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                 1064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                 1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                 1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                 1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                 1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                 1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                 1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                 1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                 1071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples         8225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.257021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.008349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.362953                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1033     12.56%     12.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95           25      0.30%     12.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127           22      0.27%     13.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159           10      0.12%     13.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191           22      0.27%     13.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223           28      0.34%     13.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1020     12.40%     26.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6065     73.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total         8225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1055                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean    29.853081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.594863                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.163196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             3      0.28%      0.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           65      6.16%      6.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          476     45.12%     51.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          305     28.91%     80.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.09%     80.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          122     11.56%     92.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           50      4.74%     96.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           25      2.37%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            7      0.66%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total         1055                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1055                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.295735                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.256595                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.510159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24           1016     96.30%     96.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::32             39      3.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total         1055                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                  855502334                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat            1389342584                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                100784000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   27163.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              44113.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                       1.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       1.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                    1.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    1.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                  27536                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                 21366                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                 80714062.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  85.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE 524863059731                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF   50644690200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT     868307917                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          2837721.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1               2875824                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2               2924208                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3               2900016                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0               1914336                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1               1940040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2               1972680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3               1956360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         9373478.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         9357004.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         9453849.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         9376972.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        5932154.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        5869532.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        6038323.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        6028369.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      6129570787.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      6131792856.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      6131712035.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      6131968562.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0      67755054864.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1       67753105680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2      67753176576.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3       67752951552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        94902694796.160019                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1         94902952392                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        94903289126.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        94903193287.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.861561                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.861773                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.862049                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.861970                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       495360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       493312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total          1013760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        12288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total        23296                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       816128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        816128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total              3960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks         3188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total             3188                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2221                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        11548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       859439                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        21319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       855886                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         3997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total             1758853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        11548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        21319                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3553                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total          40418                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks       1415965                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            1415965                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks       1415965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2221                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        11548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       859439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        21319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       855886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         3997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total            3174818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                      3960                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                     3188                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                   31680                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                  25504                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM              1013760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                815872                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys               1013760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             816128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                    0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs       378204                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1            3944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2            3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3            4008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4            4016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5            4008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7            3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3            3169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4            3120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6            3232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7            3175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                576324360000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5               31680                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5              25504                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                  3958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                  3958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                  3958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                  3958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                  3958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                  3958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                  3958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                  3958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                 1063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                 1067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples         8247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.854250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.454832                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.659207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1039     12.60%     12.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95           35      0.42%     13.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127           23      0.28%     13.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.08%     13.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191           28      0.34%     13.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223           38      0.46%     14.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1014     12.30%     26.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6063     73.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total         8247                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1049                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.192564                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.876149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.858401                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           58      5.53%      5.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          490     46.71%     52.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          281     26.79%     79.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          135     12.87%     91.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           50      4.77%     96.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           21      2.00%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            8      0.76%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            2      0.19%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.19%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total         1049                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.305052                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.264724                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.532841                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24           1009     96.19%     96.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::32             40      3.81%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total         1049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                  851080652                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat            1388056652                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                101376000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   26864.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              43814.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                       1.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       1.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                    1.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    1.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    31.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                  27695                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                 21234                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                 80627358.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  85.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE 524869615739                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF   50644690200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT     861166192                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          2847398.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          2909692.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          2913321.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          2909692.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0               1920864                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1          1962888.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2               1965336                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3          1962888.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         9317068.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         9581145.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         9425395.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         9373478.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        5925519.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        5945840.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        5955379.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        6005145.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      6129533085.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      6131173481.280001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      6132595216.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      6130786008.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0      67755087936.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1       67753648992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2      67752401856.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3       67753988880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        94902643325.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        94903233494.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        94903267958.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        94903037547.840012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.861519                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.862003                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.862032                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.861843                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       496128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       495104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total          1005312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total        11008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       819200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        819200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total              3927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks         3200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total             3200                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.itb.walker          444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         6218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       860772                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         8439                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       858995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         2665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         1777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total             1744196                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         6218                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         8439                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total          19099                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       1421295                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            1421295                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       1421295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.itb.walker          444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         6218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       860772                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         8439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       858995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         2665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         1777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total            3165491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                      3927                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                     3200                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                   31416                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                  25600                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM              1005056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                819200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys               1005312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             819200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          193                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4            3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6            3872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0            3224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1            3185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2            3209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3            3160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6            3224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7            3214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                576536328000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5               31416                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5              25600                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                  3925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                 1052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                 1065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                 1092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                 1095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                 1095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                 1095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                 1094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                 1094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                 1094                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                 1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                 1053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples         8234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.551615                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.970497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.917515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1046     12.70%     12.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95           35      0.43%     13.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127           24      0.29%     13.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            9      0.11%     13.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191           27      0.33%     13.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223           36      0.44%     14.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1023     12.42%     26.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6034     73.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total         8234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1050                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean    29.881905                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.626553                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.354849                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             2      0.19%      0.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           62      5.90%      6.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          483     46.00%     52.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          287     27.33%     79.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          149     14.19%     93.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           36      3.43%     97.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           20      1.90%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            7      0.67%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.10%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.10%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::88-89            1      0.10%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total         1050                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1050                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.380952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.331042                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.704483                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24           1000     95.24%     95.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::32             50      4.76%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total         1050                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                  843133604                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat            1375499204                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                100505600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   26844.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              43794.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                       1.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       1.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                    1.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    1.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    31.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                  27452                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                 21322                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                 80894672.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  85.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE 524879013633                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF   50644690200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT     852390515                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0          2826230.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          2843769.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          2841350.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          2953843.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0               1906584                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1               1918416                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2               1916784                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3          1992672.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0         9329049.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         9162316.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         9193766.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         9388953.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0             5899392                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        5842575.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        5928837.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        6051594.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      6129263370.240001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      6130470712.320001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      6130010571.840001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      6132873029.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0       67755324528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1      67754265456.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2       67754669088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3       67752158160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        94902560608.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        94902514700.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2        94902571851.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        94903429706.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.861451                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.861414                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.861460                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.862164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       498176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       497664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total          1012736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total        14080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       823552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        823552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total              3956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks         3217                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total             3217                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         8439                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       864325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         9771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       863437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         3109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data          888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total             1757076                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         8439                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         9771                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3109                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3109                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total          24429                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       1428846                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            1428846                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       1428846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         8439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       864325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         9771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       863437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         3109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data          888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total            3185922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                      3956                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                     3217                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                   31648                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                  25736                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM              1012480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                823808                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys               1012736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             823552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          427                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3            3984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6            3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7            4032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0            3248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3            3191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4            3169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5            3272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6            3232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7            3272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                576372998000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5               31648                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5              25736                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                  3954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                 1054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                 1059                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                 1068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                 1095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                 1095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                 1095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                 1095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                 1095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                 1095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                 1095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                 1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples         8262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.257081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.936583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.408015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1043     12.62%     12.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           21      0.25%     12.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127           21      0.25%     13.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159           10      0.12%     13.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191           19      0.23%     13.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           25      0.30%     13.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1033     12.50%     26.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6090     73.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total         8262                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1055                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean    29.998104                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.624405                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.738711                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             3      0.28%      0.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           64      6.07%      6.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          503     47.68%     54.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          262     24.83%     78.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          127     12.04%     90.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           55      5.21%     96.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           30      2.84%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            8      0.76%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            1      0.09%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            2      0.19%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total         1055                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1055                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.401896                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.349373                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.748297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24           1002     94.98%     94.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::32             53      5.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total         1055                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                  857736708                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat            1394034708                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                101248000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   27109.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              44059.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                       1.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       1.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                    1.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    1.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    31.18                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                  27663                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                 21459                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              83.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                 80353129.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  85.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE 524875798590                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF   50644690200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT     854997091                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          2843164.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          2873404.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          2905459.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          2965939.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0          1918008.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1          1938408.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2               1960032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3          2000832.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         9346022.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         9421900.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         9429388.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         9582643.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        5945425.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        5849210.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2             6065280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        6058229.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      6129731335.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      6131508312.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      6131743499.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      6132813056.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0       67754914032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1       67753355280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2      67753148976.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3       67752210768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        94902709442.879990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        94902957971.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        94903264089.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        94903642922.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.861573                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.861777                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.862028                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.862339                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       495104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       497152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total          1008128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total        15360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       815360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        815360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total              3938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks         3185                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total             3185                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        10216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       858995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        10660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       862549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total             1749081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        10216                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        10660                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3109                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total          26649                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       1414633                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            1414633                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       1414633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        10216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       858995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        10660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       862549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total            3163714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                      3938                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                     3185                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                   31504                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                  25480                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM              1007904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                   224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                815360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys               1008128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             815360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                    7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           30                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2            3937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4            3152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5            3185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6            3231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7            3168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                576376334000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5               31504                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5              25480                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                  3937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                  3936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                  3936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                  3936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                  3936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                  3936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                  3936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                  3936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                 1047                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                 1048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                 1067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                 1079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                 1080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                 1079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                 1078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                 1078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                 1078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                 1061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples         8234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.431139                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.760152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.027124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1052     12.78%     12.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95           31      0.38%     13.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127           22      0.27%     13.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159           18      0.22%     13.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191           18      0.22%     13.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223           47      0.57%     14.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1015     12.33%     26.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6031     73.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total         8234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.090735                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.006135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             3      0.29%      0.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             5      0.48%      0.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           55      5.25%      6.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          479     45.75%     51.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          285     27.22%     78.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          134     12.80%     91.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           55      5.25%     97.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           18      1.72%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            5      0.48%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            4      0.38%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            3      0.29%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::112-113            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total         1047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1047                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.336199                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.291916                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.605934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24           1003     95.80%     95.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::32             44      4.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total         1047                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                  849708494                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat            1383582644                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                100790400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   26977.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              43927.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                       1.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       1.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                    1.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    1.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    31.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                  27541                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                 21202                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                 80917637.79                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  85.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE 524878076367                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF   50644690200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT     852719314                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          2904854.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          2914531.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          2880662.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          2970172.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0               1959624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1          1966152.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2               1943304                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3          2003688.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         9678489.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         9481804.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         9289612.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         9580646.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        5998510.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        5915566.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2             5982336                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        6041640.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      6129752731.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      6131478709.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      6130295061.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      6132259344.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0      67754895264.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1       67753381248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2      67754419536.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3       67752696480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        94903200927.360016                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        94903149465.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        94902821966.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        94903563427.200012                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.861977                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.861934                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.861666                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.862274                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       496640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       499456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total          1013248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total        16896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       817408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        817408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total              3958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks         3193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total             3193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         9771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       861660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        12436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       866546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         3997                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu5.data          444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         3109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total             1757965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         9771                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        12436                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         3997                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         3109                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total          29314                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks       1418186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total            1418186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks       1418186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         9771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       861660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        12436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       866546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         3997                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu5.data          444                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         3109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total            3176151                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                      3958                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                     3193                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                   31664                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                  25544                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM              1012800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                   448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                817408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys               1013248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             817408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                   14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1            3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2            3929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3            3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5            3961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6            4000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1            3184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2            3136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4            3183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6            3249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                576371323000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5               31664                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5              25544                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                  3957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                  3955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                 1051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                 1050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                 1066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                 1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                 1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                 1089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                 1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                 1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                 1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                 1088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                 1072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                 1049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples         8259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   221.601647                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.292427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.713472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1031     12.48%     12.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95           45      0.54%     13.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127           29      0.35%     13.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159           13      0.16%     13.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191           33      0.40%     13.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223           48      0.58%     14.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          999     12.10%     26.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6061     73.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total         8259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1049                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean    30.186845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.841963                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.607238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             2      0.19%      0.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           66      6.29%      6.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          472     45.00%     51.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          280     26.69%     78.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          140     13.35%     91.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           52      4.96%     96.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           25      2.38%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            8      0.76%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            3      0.29%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            1      0.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total         1049                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.350810                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.304683                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.638894                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24           1003     95.61%     95.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::32             46      4.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total         1049                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                  889938100                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat            1426405600                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                101280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   28118.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              45068.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                       1.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       1.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                    1.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    1.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    31.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                  27667                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                 21268                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                 80600101.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  85.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE 524877648883                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF   50644690200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT     853146798                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          2876428.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          2909692.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2               2945376                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3               3002832                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0          1940448.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1          1962888.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2               1986960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3               2025720                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         9469324.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         9581644.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         9525235.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         9753369.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        5918883.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        5955379.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        6021734.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        6131635.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      6130597772.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      6131411020.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      6131080785.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      6132475324.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0       67754154000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1      67753440624.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2      67753730304.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3      67752507024.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        94902968311.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        94903272703.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        94903301849.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        94903907359.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.861786                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.862035                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.862059                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.862556                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data       495360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data       497152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu5.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total          1009664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total        13824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       820224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        820224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         1935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           18                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         1942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu5.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total              3944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks         3204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total             3204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst         8883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data       859439                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst         7995                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data       862549                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.inst         4442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu5.data         1332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst         2665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         1332                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total             1751746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         8883                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7995                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu5.inst         4442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total          23984                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       1423072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            1423072                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       1423072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst         8883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data       859439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst         7995                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data       862549                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.inst         4442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu5.data         1332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst         2665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         1332                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total            3174818                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                      3944                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                     3204                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                   31552                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                  25632                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM              1009408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                   256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                820224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys               1009664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             820224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                    8                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          204                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1            3960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2            3936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3            3976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4            3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5            3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6            3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7            3952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0            3208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1            3200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2            3185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3            3183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4            3176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5            3232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6            3216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7            3232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                576533211000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5               31552                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5              25632                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                  3943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                 1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                 1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                 1055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                 1067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                 1081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                 1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                 1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                 1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                 1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                 1082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                 1070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                 1056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                   10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples         8233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.231507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.863282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.450767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63         1043     12.67%     12.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95           18      0.22%     12.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127           18      0.22%     13.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159           15      0.18%     13.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191           19      0.23%     13.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223           20      0.24%     13.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255         1032     12.53%     26.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287         6068     73.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total         8233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1055                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean    29.891943                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    28.595458                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.526936                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             3      0.28%      0.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::16-17           58      5.50%      5.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::24-25          503     47.68%     53.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          274     25.97%     79.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::40-41          138     13.08%     92.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::48-49           51      4.83%     97.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::56-57           13      1.23%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-65            8      0.76%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::72-73            3      0.28%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::80-81            4      0.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total         1055                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1055                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    24.295735                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.256595                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.510159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24           1016     96.30%     96.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::32             39      3.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total         1055                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                  850441056                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat            1385111856                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                100940800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   26960.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              43910.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                       1.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       1.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                    1.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    1.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    31.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                  27579                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                 21364                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                 80656576.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  85.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE 524868527288                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF   50644690200                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT     862268393                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          2891548.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1               2863728                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          2877638.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          2917555.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0          1950648.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1               1931880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2               1941264                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3          1968192.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         9641049.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         9341529.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2              9242688                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         9449356.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        5932154.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        5909345.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        5952061.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        6035005.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      20998011454.080002                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      6130253473.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      6131261963.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      6132387772.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      6131659777.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0      67754456016.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1      67753571376.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2      67752583824.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3      67753222416.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        94903136345.280014                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        94902891276.480011                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        94902996702.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        94903263757.440018                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.861924                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.861723                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.861809                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.862028                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               38576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              38575                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             51180                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          4454335                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         404600                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         3072987                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             24918                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            24911                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave      8109592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      8110326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                8110326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         1468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     29291521                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     29292989                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                29292989                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     19288000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    632674500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       122000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        61000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    844470000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   2228013804                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    203052492                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp   1536493500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     12459000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    411031500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq           78                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           90                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback         2127                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           47                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          196                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       253998                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       833000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback      9358997                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       134500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       988000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        12500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp          500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                          2256                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                          287                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime             9759995                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime            1821500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                          1785955                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           4973363                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 4973363    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             4973363                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              244000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                 367                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy          2412585000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded             3187409                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         2580260500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded            3136595                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq              38330                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp             38330                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback            51180                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         3072882                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           105                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        3072987                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq            24911                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp           24911                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         2753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         3422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         2837                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         2809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2757                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       190417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1350008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         2888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         2967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         3028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total      1580679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2791                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         2832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         3338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         2877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         2812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2769                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2775                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       194666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1346063                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         2931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         3044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         2798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2819                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total      1581162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         2763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         3475                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         2764                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         2824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2819                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       188428                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1351953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         2799                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         3098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         2817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total      1580685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         2806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         2809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         2785                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         3411                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         2916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         2697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         2821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         2770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       194005                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1346931                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         2867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         2882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         2874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         2821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         2801                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         2915                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total      1581112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total               6323638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       460288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       455936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       455680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       457984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       460544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       460032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       459008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       455168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       456704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       466688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       448768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       463360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       450816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       480000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       445952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       466176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total      7343104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       453120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       456192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       464640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       451584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       460288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       459264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       456448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       450560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       461568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       451328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       458752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       464128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       458752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       449536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       461568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       454400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total      7312128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       467456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       455936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       459264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       466176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       448000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       470784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       451072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       461056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       464384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       454656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       456704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       447488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       476416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       452608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       463872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       454912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total      7350784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port       455168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port       462592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port       455424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port       461824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port       460800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port       443648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port       456448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port       456704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port       447232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port       461824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port       460288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port       454912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port       450304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port       445952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port       450304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port       462336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total      7285761                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total               29291777                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     53660800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    378204595                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    481091600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   4302034800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       147000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp   4299108813                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     34875000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    246211118                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            3                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq         3200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback          400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         9400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                            5                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime              13000                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           35834000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded               7230                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy           35555400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded               7151                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy           35676600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded               7169                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy           37444400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded               8426                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy           35746200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded               7293                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy           35587200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded               7168                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy           35495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded               7131                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy           35493800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded               7153                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy          564996000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded             385352                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy         3804282400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded            2699076                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy          35848000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded              7320                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy          35924800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded              7352                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy          36375600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded              7600                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy          35899600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded              7334                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy          35727200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded              7308                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy          35923000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded              7345                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy        1229263692                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded            783827                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy        1233052347                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded            784310                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy        1229583127                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded            783833                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy        1231626860                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded            784259                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq        38330                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp        38329                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback        51180                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq      3072882                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          105                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp      3072987                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq        24911                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp        24911                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      1580679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      1581161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      1580685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      1581112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total      6323637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave      7343104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave      7311872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave      7350784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave      7285761                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     29291521                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq     30664000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    153316000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    204720000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   2458305600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        84000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp   2458389600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     19928800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     99644000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp           44                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp           19                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp       149400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        33400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                    63                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime       182800                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy    679161600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded       796852                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy    677616000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded       796852                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy    679145600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded       796852                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy    677780100                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded       796853                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   2711350400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded      3136228                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5014055                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           5014054                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               122                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              122                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            72438                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         4454864                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq        404631                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp        4859495                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           38                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp           38                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           293818                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          293818                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        13944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6547939                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           37                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        11288                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       123684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      6779608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           39                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        15018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          509                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              13494069                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1784832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16512208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        21048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15831552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     27393988                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side        23472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        87552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        44556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       111360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        49181                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               61859893                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   2517329854                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   4566152053                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       122000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        61000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   2354385199                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq   2229235885                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq    203072982                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp   1536775995                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        20497                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq    148653504                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp    938697999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        14188                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         3962                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          950                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         3203                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2489                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp          117                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq           32                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq         1112                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           47                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    239593999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     68897480                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       107000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback     27244959                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq     57731000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq     67625500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       842500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        74000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq     19473499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       758500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        22317                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                        4126                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime          411849957                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime          70498480                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6913424                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         10239598                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47              10239598    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           10239598                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         7452820421                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded           10239966                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         226609461                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              6972                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       85431037979                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            14.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded           4941166                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             20000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                20                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy           6027496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded              6026                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy        2009884461                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded             61842                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       86728399435                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            15.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded           5141031                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy             21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                21                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy           9309680                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded              9150                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.occupancy         11115000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded              342                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy          5616999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded              223                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy         14138997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              435                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          7798999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              297                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             2499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples        57637                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0        57637    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total        57637                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples        57637                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0        57637    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total        57637                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        57637                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0        57637    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total        57637                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        57637                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0        57637    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total        57637                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples        57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0            57637    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total        57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples        57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0           57637    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total        57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                     63390                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8046.392528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       62947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     63390                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.993012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     3412.955262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     7.764305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.003291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    89.464062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  3459.910822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     2.896318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    78.953114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   780.056415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst    61.769122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data    11.061793                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst           15                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data            2                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst     4.362792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data            1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst    18.798576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data     4.019149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst            5                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data     1.129987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.824809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst    67.060529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data    22.362181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.416621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.010921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.422352                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.009638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.095222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.007540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.001350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.001831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst     0.000533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.000122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst     0.002295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.000491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst     0.000610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.000138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.008186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.002730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.982226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6523                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001587                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.988892                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  26702796                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 26702796                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         6636                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         5187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5837                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst        61380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        27988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           66                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           90                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  112964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            72438                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 72438                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          208                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          631                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  843                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          822                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2822                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3658                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          6636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data          6009                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst         61380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data         30810                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst           195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data            72                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            98                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   116622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5221                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           16                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         6636                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data         6009                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5837                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst        61380                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data        30810                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          195                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data           72                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           98                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  116622                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        30449                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         6712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 38342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data      1541883                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data      1530633                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           43                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total            3072568                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total              105                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          609                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        24606                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               25225                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data        31058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data        31318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  63567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          336                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data        31058                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          462                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data        31318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          147                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          106                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 63567                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      5161000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     44063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3885086516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      3981500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     59339000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    857394000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     19038000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4922000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14117500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2516500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4895743016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2675500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      7963500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       131000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       131000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     10901000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3644500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       130500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      3840000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     75136500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3111589000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       621000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       573500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3187920000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      5161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     44063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3960223016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      3981500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     59339000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3968983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     19038000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5543000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14117500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3090000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       8083663016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      5161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     44063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3960223016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      3981500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     59339000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3968983000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     19038000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14117500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3090000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      8083663016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         6972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data        35636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        61842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        34700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data          108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              151306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        72438                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             72438                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1542091                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1531264                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           44                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total          3073411                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          130                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            136                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1431                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        27428                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             28883                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         6972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data        37067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        61842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data        62128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          116                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          435                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               180189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         5262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         6972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data        37067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst        61842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data        62128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          116                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          435                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data          121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              180189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.007792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.058824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.048193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.854445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.005283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.007471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.193429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.429825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.371429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.243678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.253407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999865                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999588                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.977273                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.999726                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.769231                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.772059                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.425577                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.897112                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.454545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.384615                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.873351                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.007792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.058824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.048193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.837888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.005283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.007471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.504088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.429825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.379310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.243678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.190083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.352780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.007792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.058824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.048193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.837888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.005283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.007471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.504088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.429825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.379310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.243678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.190083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.352780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 125878.048780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 131139.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 127593.238399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 128435.483871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 128439.393939                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 127740.464839                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 129510.204082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 126205.128205                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 133183.962264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 139805.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127686.167023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     1.735216                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     5.202749                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data  3046.511628                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 14555.555556                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total     3.547847                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 21666.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        36445                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        65250                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36571.428571                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 123376.847291                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 126456.514671                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       124200                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       114700                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126379.385530                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 125878.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 131139.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 127510.561401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 128435.483871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 128439.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 126731.687847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 129510.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 125977.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 133183.962264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 134347.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127167.602939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 125878.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 131139.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 127510.561401                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 128435.483871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 128439.393939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 126731.687847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 129510.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 125977.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 133183.962264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 134347.826087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127167.602939                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                51180                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     51180                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                  12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                 12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        30446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         6708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            38330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      1541883                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      1530633                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           43                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       3072568                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          100                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          609                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        24606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          25225                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        31055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        31314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             63555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        31055                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        31314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            63555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4710000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     40206500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3549705016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      3640500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     54115500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    783128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     17421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      4493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12951500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2318500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4472802516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  84020580448                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  83322555640                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      2342500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       489000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 167345967588                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       162999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      5413991                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       108500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5685490                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     68437500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   2840923000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       566000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       518500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2910445000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4710000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     40206500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3618142516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      3640500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     54115500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3624051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     17421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5059000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12951500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2837000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7383247516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4710000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     40206500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   3618142516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      3640500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     54115500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   3624051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     17421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5059000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     12951500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2837000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7383247516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      2422000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      2381500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        80000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      4923500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1180000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1160000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        20000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      2450500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      3602000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      3541500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        60000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       170500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      7374000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.007792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.047906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.854361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.005283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.007422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.193314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.429825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.371429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.243678                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.253328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.999865                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.999588                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999726                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.769231                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.772059                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.425577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.897112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.454545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.384615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.873351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.007792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.047906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.837807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.005283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.007422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.504024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.429825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.379310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.243678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.190083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.352713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.007792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.047906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.837807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.005283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.007422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.504024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.429825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.379310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.243678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.190083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.352713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 114878.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120378.742515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 116590.192997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 117435.483871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 117898.692810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 116745.378652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 118510.204082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 115205.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 122183.962264                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 128805.555556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116691.951891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54492.189387                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54436.664857                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 54476.744186                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54464.528560                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        54333                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54139.910000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54147.523810                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 112376.847291                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115456.514671                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       113200                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       103700                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115379.385530                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 114878.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120378.742515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 116507.567735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 117435.483871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 117898.692810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115732.611611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 118510.204082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 114977.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 122183.962264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 123347.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116170.993879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 114878.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120378.742515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 116507.567735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 117435.483871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 117898.692810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115732.611611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 118510.204082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 114977.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 122183.962264                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 123347.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116170.993879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                       2256                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples        15659                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        15659    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total         15659                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        13025                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        13025    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total        13025                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples         57637                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     6954199.559311                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    21169284.904322                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        55870     96.93%     96.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          626      1.09%     98.02% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          267      0.46%     98.48% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          511      0.89%     99.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          138      0.24%     99.61% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           70      0.12%     99.73% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          145      0.25%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            5      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total           57637                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        6955019.361521      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                   4008704                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples        57637                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    5784284.400645                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   20121933.688529                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        56209     97.52%     97.52% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          456      0.79%     98.31% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          254      0.44%     98.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          332      0.58%     99.33% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          119      0.21%     99.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           85      0.15%     99.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          174      0.30%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            4      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            3      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total          57637                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       5785115.727940      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                3334400                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples           15659                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       97758.202950                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      97016.239309                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      14976.086857                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            2      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            1      0.01%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        14705     93.91%     93.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          178      1.14%     95.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          165      1.05%     96.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          259      1.65%     97.77% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          105      0.67%     98.44% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          140      0.89%     99.34% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            3      0.02%     99.36% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.36% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          101      0.64%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total             15659                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples               15659                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           36807973.433808                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          44622080.686811                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             15659    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            149000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value         415856000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                 15659                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples             13025                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         44251437.850288                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        60998022.181458                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows           13025    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          136000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       756281000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total               13025                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                 28684                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             20093991.632966                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            22146569.989459                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               28683    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value               65000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value           200939000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                   28684                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples        57637                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.002741                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.052286                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0            57479     99.73%     99.73% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              158      0.27%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total        57637                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples        57637                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0           57637    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total        57637                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples             57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean             0.271648                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            0.826799                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0                   47171     81.84%     81.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::1                    8701     15.10%     96.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2                     622      1.08%     98.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::3                     275      0.48%     98.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4                     264      0.46%     98.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::5                     235      0.41%     99.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6                     143      0.25%     99.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::7                      72      0.12%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8                     132      0.23%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::9                      11      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10                      6      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::11                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12                      0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::13                      1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14                      1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::15                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::19                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total               57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples            57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.225949                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.786013                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                  49133     85.25%     85.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   7076     12.28%     97.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    456      0.79%     98.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                    254      0.44%     98.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                    187      0.32%     99.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                    145      0.25%     99.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                    119      0.21%     99.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                     85      0.15%     99.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                    162      0.28%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                     12      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     4      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     3      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total              57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples        16021                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        16021    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total         16021                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        12542                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        12542    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total        12542                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples         57637                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     7114985.165779                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    21563903.415606                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        55824     96.85%     96.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          624      1.08%     97.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          320      0.56%     98.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          463      0.80%     99.30% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          143      0.25%     99.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           87      0.15%     99.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          161      0.28%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            6      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            3      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            3      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total           57637                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        7115359.229298      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                   4101120                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples        57637                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    5569311.379843                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   19620862.241389                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        56229     97.56%     97.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          457      0.79%     98.35% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          251      0.44%     98.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          362      0.63%     99.41% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          106      0.18%     99.60% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           87      0.15%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          138      0.24%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            2      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total          57637                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       5570588.979641      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                3210752                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples           16020                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       97582.247191                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      96901.783571                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      14258.004611                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        15092     94.21%     94.21% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          151      0.94%     95.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          177      1.10%     96.26% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          275      1.72%     97.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           78      0.49%     98.46% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          160      1.00%     99.46% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.01%     99.48% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            1      0.01%     99.48% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           83      0.52%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total             16020                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples               16021                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           35976359.028775                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          43772773.686493                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             16021    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value         423403000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                 16021                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples             12542                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         45955588.821560                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        63398035.310472                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows           12542    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          112000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       756002000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total               12542                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                 28563                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             20179112.173091                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            22189226.535655                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               28562    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value               96000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value           184898000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                   28563                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples        57637                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.002308                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.047982                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0            57504     99.77%     99.77% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              133      0.23%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total        57637                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples        57637                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0           57637    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total        57637                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples             57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean             0.277929                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            0.842175                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0                   46993     81.53%     81.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::1                    8831     15.32%     96.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2                     619      1.07%     97.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::3                     324      0.56%     98.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4                     282      0.49%     98.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::5                     186      0.32%     99.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6                     140      0.24%     99.55% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::7                      86      0.15%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8                     147      0.26%     99.95% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::9                      14      0.02%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10                      6      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::11                      3      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12                      3      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::13                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::15                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::17                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::19                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total               57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples            57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.217551                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.766440                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                  49423     85.75%     85.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   6806     11.81%     97.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    457      0.79%     98.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                    251      0.44%     98.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                    200      0.35%     99.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                    162      0.28%     99.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                    106      0.18%     99.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                     87      0.15%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                    125      0.22%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                     13      0.02%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total              57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples        15694                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        15694    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total         15694                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        13020                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        13020    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total        13020                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples         57637                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     6969300.969863                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    21421179.725230                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        55842     96.89%     96.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          639      1.11%     97.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          296      0.51%     98.51% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          485      0.84%     99.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          130      0.23%     99.57% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           84      0.15%     99.72% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          148      0.26%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            5      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total           57637                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        6970564.778065      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                   4017664                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples        57637                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    5782507.764110                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   19966444.265269                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07        49075     85.14%     85.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         7131     12.37%     97.52% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     97.52% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          466      0.81%     98.33% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07          261      0.45%     98.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08          191      0.33%     99.11% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08          144      0.25%     99.36% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.36% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08          106      0.18%     99.54% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08           87      0.15%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08          152      0.26%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08           19      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total          57637                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       5782894.954148      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                3333120                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples           15694                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       97545.718109                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      96872.655726                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      14208.821655                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            4      0.03%      0.03% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        14761     94.06%     94.09% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          184      1.17%     95.26% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          172      1.10%     96.36% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          260      1.66%     98.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839           92      0.59%     98.60% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          132      0.84%     99.44% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            2      0.01%     99.45% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.45% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375           86      0.55%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total             15694                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples               15694                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           36725888.938448                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          45533412.318613                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             15694    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            136000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value         497101000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                 15694                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples             13020                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         44268478.801843                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        61642595.631426                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows           13020    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value       757656000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total               13020                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                 28714                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             20072981.611757                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            21910559.271833                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               28712     99.99%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               83000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value           161783000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                   28714                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples        57637                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.002845                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.053267                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0            57473     99.72%     99.72% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              164      0.28%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total        57637                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples        57637                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0           57637    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total        57637                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples             57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean             0.272221                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            0.835598                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-1                 55841     96.88%     96.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2-3                   934      1.62%     98.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-5                   485      0.84%     99.35% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6-7                   217      0.38%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-9                   147      0.26%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10-11                   5      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-13                   4      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14-15                   2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-17                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18-19                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-21                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total               57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples            57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.225879                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.779939                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                  49075     85.14%     85.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   7131     12.37%     97.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    466      0.81%     98.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                    261      0.45%     98.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                    191      0.33%     99.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                    144      0.25%     99.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                    106      0.18%     99.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                     87      0.15%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                    152      0.26%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                     19      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total              57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples        15867                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        15867    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total         15867                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        12594                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.979752                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.887307                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     2.272262                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        12593     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total        12594                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples         57637                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     7047028.818294                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    21709904.008330                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        55871     96.94%     96.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          558      0.97%     97.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          304      0.53%     98.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          490      0.85%     99.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          155      0.27%     99.55% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           78      0.14%     99.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          167      0.29%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            6      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            2      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            2      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total           57637                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        7047403.551265      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                   4061952                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples        57637                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    5592407.654805                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   19546347.470859                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07        56242     97.58%     97.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07          456      0.79%     98.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          228      0.40%     98.77% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          368      0.64%     99.40% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08          116      0.20%     99.61% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           79      0.14%     99.74% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08          140      0.24%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            4      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total          57637                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       5593242.607298      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                3223809                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples           15867                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       97946.228020                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      97163.365800                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      15401.801513                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            1      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        14851     93.60%     93.60% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687          196      1.24%     94.84% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          163      1.03%     95.87% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455          289      1.82%     97.69% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          106      0.67%     98.36% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          151      0.95%     99.31% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607            1      0.01%     99.31% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            0      0.00%     99.31% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          109      0.69%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total             15867                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples               15867                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           36325302.829772                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          44903228.909690                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             15867    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            130000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value         479493000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                 15867                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples             12594                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         45765949.023344                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        62734271.176896                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows           12594    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       756001000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total               12594                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                 28461                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             20251444.503004                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            22332134.434422                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               28461    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value              105000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value           198069000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                   28461                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples        57637                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.003123                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.055797                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0            57457     99.69%     99.69% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              180      0.31%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total        57637                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples        57637                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0           57637    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total        57637                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples             57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean             0.275257                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            0.847199                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-1                 55862     96.92%     96.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2-3                   877      1.52%     98.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-5                   488      0.85%     99.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6-7                   230      0.40%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-9                   166      0.29%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10-11                   8      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-13                   2      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14-15                   2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-17                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18-19                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-21                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::22-23                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total               57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples            57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.218453                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.763529                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                  49341     85.61%     85.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   6901     11.97%     97.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    456      0.79%     98.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                    228      0.40%     98.77% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                    219      0.38%     99.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                    149      0.26%     99.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                    116      0.20%     99.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                     79      0.14%     99.74% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                    135      0.23%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      5      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     2      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     3      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total              57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples        63248                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        63248    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total          63248                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples        51181                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.995018                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.972265                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      1.127161                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271        51180    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total         51181                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples          57637                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      28085514.513247                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     67196329.775558                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08        55804     96.82%     96.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08          412      0.71%     97.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08          384      0.67%     98.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08          997      1.73%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08           15      0.03%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            8      0.01%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            6      0.01%     99.98% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            4      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            4      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total            57637                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         28088346.920149      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                   16189440                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         57637                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     22728511.199403                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    60937375.165774                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08        55984     97.13%     97.13% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08          574      1.00%     98.13% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08          538      0.93%     99.06% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08          446      0.77%     99.84% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08           70      0.12%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08           19      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            3      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            2      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total           57637                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        22731842.269028      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                13102081                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples            63240                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        106472.003479                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       105787.925403                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       14790.567206                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-16383                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-49151            5      0.01%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-81919            5      0.01%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::81920-98303            0      0.00%      0.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-114687        59711     94.42%     94.44% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::114688-131071          775      1.23%     95.66% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1167      1.85%     97.51% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::147456-163839          397      0.63%     98.13% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-180223          432      0.68%     98.82% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::180224-196607          356      0.56%     99.38% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           12      0.02%     99.40% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::212992-229375            1      0.00%     99.40% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-245759          379      0.60%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::245760-262143            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total              63240                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples                63248                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            9112954.844422                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           9976122.682160                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                    14      0.02%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000                11      0.02%      0.04% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000                6      0.01%      0.05% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000                9      0.01%      0.06% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000                2      0.00%      0.07% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000                7      0.01%      0.08% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000                5      0.01%      0.09% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000              168      0.27%      0.35% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000                4      0.01%      0.36% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000               29      0.05%      0.40% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000                8      0.01%      0.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000                9      0.01%      0.43% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000             2871      4.54%      4.97% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000               14      0.02%      4.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000                5      0.01%      5.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000                1      0.00%      5.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000              191      0.30%      5.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000                8      0.01%      5.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000                4      0.01%      5.32% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000               2      0.00%      5.33% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows              59880     94.67%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value           36143000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                  63248                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples              51181                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          11261516.539341                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         15611083.619766                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000           2129      4.16%      4.16% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             13      0.03%      4.19% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             21      0.04%      4.23% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              8      0.02%      4.24% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             83      0.16%      4.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            104      0.20%      4.61% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            133      0.26%      4.87% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             17      0.03%      4.90% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             20      0.04%      4.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000           1197      2.34%      7.28% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             29      0.06%      7.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             13      0.03%      7.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              7      0.01%      7.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             76      0.15%      7.52% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000              9      0.02%      7.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              8      0.02%      7.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            13      0.03%      7.58% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            47301     92.42%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value        344026000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                51181                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                 114429                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              5036972.078756                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             8624578.124890                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                      19      0.02%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  14      0.01%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 10      0.01%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000               2214      1.93%      1.97% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 32      0.03%      2.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 40      0.03%      2.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000                172      0.15%      2.19% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000                268      0.23%      2.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000                177      0.15%      2.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000                246      0.21%      2.79% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000               2264      1.98%      4.77% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 96      0.08%      4.85% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000               4421      3.86%      8.72% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000                160      0.14%      8.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000                177      0.15%      9.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 50      0.04%      9.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000                309      0.27%      9.32% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 55      0.05%      9.37% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 48      0.04%      9.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000                39      0.03%      9.45% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows               103618     90.55%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value             35728500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                   114429                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples        57637                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.011815                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.109649                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0             56966     98.84%     98.84% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1               661      1.15%     99.98% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2                10      0.02%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total         57637                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples        57637                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0            57637    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total        57637                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples              57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean              1.097177                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean                    0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             2.623276                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-3                  55634     96.52%     96.52% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::4-7                    344      0.60%     97.12% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-11                   336      0.58%     97.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::12-15                  293      0.51%     98.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-19                  981      1.70%     99.91% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::20-23                   16      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-27                    9      0.02%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::28-31                   10      0.02%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-35                    2      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::36-39                    1      0.00%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-43                    6      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::44-47                    3      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-51                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::52-55                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-59                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::60-63                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-67                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::68-71                    1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-75                    1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::76-79                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples             57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             0.887832                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            2.380366                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-3                 55644     96.54%     96.54% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-7                   571      0.99%     97.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-11                  438      0.76%     98.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-15                 443      0.77%     99.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-19                 422      0.73%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-23                  61      0.11%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-27                  44      0.08%     99.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-31                   8      0.01%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-35                   2      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-39                   1      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::40-43                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::44-47                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::48-51                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::52-55                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::56-59                   1      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::60-63                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::64-67                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::68-71                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::72-75                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::76-79                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total               57637                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    65969531                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      2394                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                   18434188                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      835                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                241                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                    41                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                65971925                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses               18435023                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         84403719                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           3229                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     84406948                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                   267693746                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                        10                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                241                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses               267693756                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                        267693746                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                             10                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                    267693756                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1149118917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  251845585                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    262292469                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            208495472                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    2806169                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     36723584                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   208495472                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          299177220                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         137264728                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           985430160                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          157954131                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     85577954                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   66356234                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  19221720                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3620993.813043                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1145497923.186957                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.996849                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.003151                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         48041844                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                177888258     67.52%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    1550      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                12      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     67.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                66356234     25.19%     92.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               19221720      7.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 263467775                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             6972                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          267709426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             6972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         38397.794894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        535394464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       535394464                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst    267686774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      267686774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst    267686774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       267686774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst    267686774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      267686774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         6972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         6972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         6972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          6972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         6972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         6972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    169214461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    169214461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    169214461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    169214461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    169214461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    169214461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    267693746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    267693746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    267693746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    267693746                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst    267693746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    267693746                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 24270.576736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24270.576736                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 24270.576736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24270.576736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 24270.576736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24270.576736                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         6972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         6972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         6972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    155231539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155231539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    155231539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    155231539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    155231539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    155231539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 22264.994119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22264.994119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 22264.994119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22264.994119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 22264.994119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22264.994119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry              1534                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements            37162                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          245.272146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           80704484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            37162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs          2171.693773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   245.272146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.958094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.958094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.875000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        171399588                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses       171399588                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     62800519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       62800519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data     15081256                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      15081256                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          536                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          536                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       796216                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       796216                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       783847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       783847                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     77881775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        77881775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     77882311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       77882311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data      1987880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1987880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data      2365864                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2365864                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          133                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          133                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       384126                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       384126                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       203161                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       203161                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data      4353744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       4353744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data      4353877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      4353877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  88604943479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  88604943479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 108826312997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 108826312997                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   1551053500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   1551053500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   5799441500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   5799441500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2272500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total      2272500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 197431256476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 197431256476                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 197431256476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 197431256476                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     64788399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     64788399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data     17447120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17447120                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          669                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          669                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1180342                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1180342                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       987008                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       987008                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     82235519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     82235519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     82236188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     82236188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.030683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.030683                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.135602                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.135602                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.198804                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.198804                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.325436                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.325436                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.205835                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.205835                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.052942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.052942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.052944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 44572.581584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44572.581584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 45998.549789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45998.549789                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  4037.876895                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4037.876895                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 28546.037379                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28546.037379                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 45347.465647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45347.465647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 45346.080396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45346.080396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        27432                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            27432                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          126                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      1987880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1987880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      2365863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2365863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          133                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          133                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       384000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       384000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       203110                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       203110                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      4353743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4353743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data      4353876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4353876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  84629165515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  84629165515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 104094527503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 104094527503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4342000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4342000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data    779096000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    779096000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   5393291500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5393291500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2202500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2202500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 188723693018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 188723693018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 188728035018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 188728035018                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      4459000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      4459000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1879500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1879500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      6338500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6338500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.030683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030683                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.135602                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135602                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.198804                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.198804                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.325329                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325329                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.205784                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205784                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.052942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.052944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 42572.572547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42572.572547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 43998.544084                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43998.544084                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 32646.616541                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32646.616541                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  2028.895833                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2028.895833                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 26553.549801                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26553.549801                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 43347.458272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43347.458272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 43347.131388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43347.131388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              5769                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    61214292                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      1356                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                   30263849                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     3314                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                241                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                     228                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     1                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                61215648                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses               30267163                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         91478141                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           4670                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     91482811                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                   262508758                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                        11                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                241                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses               262508769                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                        262508758                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                             11                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                    262508769                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1152751125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  245943037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    264139138                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            219115150                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    4489874                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     30735690                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   219115150                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          335697436                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         145761748                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           978021167                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          155429049                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     92299286                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   61231364                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  31067922                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                  0.004000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1152751124.996000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         41408922                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    3      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                172677136     65.17%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    1721      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     65.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                61231364     23.11%     88.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               31067922     11.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 264978152                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements            61842                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs          213971519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs            61842                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          3459.970877                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses        525079358                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses       525079358                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst    262446916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      262446916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst    262446916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total       262446916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst    262446916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total      262446916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst        61842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        61842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst        61842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total         61842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst        61842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total        61842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1014594461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1014594461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1014594461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1014594461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst   1014594461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1014594461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    262508758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    262508758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    262508758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total    262508758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst    262508758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total    262508758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 16406.236231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16406.236231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 16406.236231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16406.236231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 16406.236231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16406.236231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        61842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        61842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        61842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        61842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst        61842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        61842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    890871539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    890871539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    890871539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    890871539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    890871539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    890871539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000236                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14405.606853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14405.606853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14405.606853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14405.606853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 14405.606853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14405.606853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry              5370                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements            62430                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          247.699777                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           63557253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            62430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1018.056271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   247.699777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.967577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           50                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        185585815                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses       185585815                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     57823705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       57823705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data     26872801                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      26872801                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data        16410                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        16410                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       814921                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       814921                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       806713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       806713                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     84696506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        84696506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     84712916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       84712916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data      2168993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      2168993                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data      2382715                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2382715                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         2550                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         2550                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       387594                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total       387594                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       201540                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total       201540                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data      4551708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       4551708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data      4554258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      4554258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  84611125623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84611125623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 115673110497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 115673110497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   1634407500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total   1634407500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   5716649000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total   5716649000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        90000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        90000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 200284236120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 200284236120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 200284236120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 200284236120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     59992698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     59992698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data     29255516                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     29255516                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data        18960                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total        18960                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1202515                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1202515                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1008253                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1008253                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     89248214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     89248214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     89267174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     89267174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.036154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.081445                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.081445                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.134494                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.134494                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.322319                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.322319                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.199890                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.199890                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.051001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.051001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.051018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.051018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 39009.404651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39009.404651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 48546.767237                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48546.767237                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  4216.802892                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4216.802892                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 28364.835765                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28364.835765                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 44001.995761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44001.995761                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 43977.358358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43977.358358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        44878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            44878                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data         2536                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         2536                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      2168993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2168993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      2382715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2382715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         2550                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2550                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       385058                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total       385058                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       201539                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total       201539                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      4551708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4551708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data      4554258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4554258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  80273082741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  80273082741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 110907677503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 110907677503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     45008000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45008000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data    820725500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    820725500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   5313577000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5313577000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        84000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        84000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 191180760244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 191180760244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 191225768244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 191225768244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      4546003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      4546003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      1913000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1913000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data      6459003                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6459003                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.036154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.081445                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081445                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.134494                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134494                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.320211                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.320211                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.199889                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.199889                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.051001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.051018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 37009.378426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37009.378426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 46546.765980                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46546.765980                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 17650.196078                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17650.196078                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  2131.433446                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  2131.433446                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 26365.006277                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26365.006277                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 42001.982606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42001.982606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 41988.347661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41988.347661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              9312                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                241                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                241                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          190.195799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   190.195799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.742952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.742952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          189                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.738281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                241                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                241                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          156.595035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   156.595035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.611699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.611699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.605469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                241                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                241                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 185                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data          185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.722656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.722656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.722656                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                        4814                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                       3922                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                241                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                    4814                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                   3922                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                             8736                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                         8736                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                       21542                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                241                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                   21542                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                            21542                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                        21542                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                      1520090766                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                      21392                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                        24730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                22630                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                       1197                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts         2540                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                       22630                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads              40576                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes             15681                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads               91199                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes               9369                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                         9416                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                       4958                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                      4458                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              1519895820.500812                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              194945.499188                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.000128                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.999872                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                             3757                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                    15970     62.69%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                      81      0.32%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.02%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                    4958     19.46%     82.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                   4458     17.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                     25473                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements              342                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs              21269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs              342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs            62.190058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses            43426                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses           43426                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst        21200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          21200                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst        21200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total           21200                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst        21200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total          21200                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.inst          342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.inst          342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_misses::total           342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.inst          342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_misses::total          342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     22671500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22671500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     22671500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22671500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     22671500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22671500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        21542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        21542                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        21542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total        21542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst        21542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total        21542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.015876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.015876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.015876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 66290.935673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66290.935673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 66290.935673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66290.935673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 66290.935673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66290.935673                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.inst          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     21987500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21987500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     21987500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     21987500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst     21987500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     21987500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.015876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015876                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.015876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015876                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.inst     0.015876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015876                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 64290.935673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64290.935673                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 64290.935673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64290.935673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.inst 64290.935673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64290.935673                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                29                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements              148                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          203.987320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs               8672                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs            58.594595                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   203.987320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.796825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.796825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            17638                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses           17638                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         4532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           4532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data         3803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3803                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           53                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           53                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           55                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data           59                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           59                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data         8335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total            8335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data         8388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total           8388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           56                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           56                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           11                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           11                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu5.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data          206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total           206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data          217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total          217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      6024999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6024999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3672500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3672500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       801000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       801000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       213500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       213500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      9697499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      9697499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      9697499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      9697499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         4682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data         3859                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3859                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           64                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           64                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           66                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           66                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data           62                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           62                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data         8541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total         8541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data         8605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total         8605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.032038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.014512                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014512                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.171875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.171875                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.048387                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.048387                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.024119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.025218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.025218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 40166.660000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40166.660000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 65580.357143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65580.357143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 72818.181818                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72818.181818                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 71166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 47075.237864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47075.237864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 44688.935484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44688.935484                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           58                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.writebacks::total               58                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu5.data           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data           11                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           11                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data          217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      5724001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5724001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      3560500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3560500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       801000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       801000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       207500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       207500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data      9284501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9284501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data     10085501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10085501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        31500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data        95500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        95500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.032038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.014512                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014512                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.171875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.171875                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.048387                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048387                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.024119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.025218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025218                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 38160.006667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38160.006667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 63580.357143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63580.357143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 72818.181818                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72818.181818                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 69166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69166.666667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 45070.393204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45070.393204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 46476.963134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46476.963134                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu5.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                23                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                241                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                241                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data          182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.710938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.710938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.710938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        5875                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       3588                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                241                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       1                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    5876                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   3588                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             9463                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         9464                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       24001                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                241                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   24001                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            24001                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        24001                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                      1152751362                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      23697                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        27323                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                23943                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                       1303                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         3825                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       23943                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              41743                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes             15795                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads              102153                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes              13129                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                        10154                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       6034                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      4120                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              1152604055.997234                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              147306.002766                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000128                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999872                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             5204                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                    17858     63.56%     63.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      73      0.26%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                10      0.04%     63.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    6034     21.48%     85.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   4120     14.66%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     28095                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              435                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs             178281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              435                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           409.841379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            48437                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           48437                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        23566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          23566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        23566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           23566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        23566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          23566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          435                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          435                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     19617497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19617497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     19617497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19617497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     19617497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19617497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        24001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        24001                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        24001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        24001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        24001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        24001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 45097.694253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45097.694253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 45097.694253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45097.694253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 45097.694253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45097.694253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18744503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18744503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18744503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     18744503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18744503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     18744503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.018124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 43090.811494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43090.811494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 43090.811494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43090.811494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 43090.811494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43090.811494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                29                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements              158                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          215.519215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs              10464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.227848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   215.519215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.841872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.841872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.859375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            19149                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           19149                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         5522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           5522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         3454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          3454                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           45                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           45                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           65                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           64                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           64                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         8976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            8976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         9021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           9021                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      5010998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5010998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1684000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1684000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       476500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       476500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       341500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       341500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6694998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      6694998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6694998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      6694998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         5725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         3502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           61                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         9227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         9227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         9288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         9288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.035459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013706                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013706                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.262295                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.262295                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.235294                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.235294                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.219512                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.219512                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.027203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.028747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24684.719212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24684.719212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 35083.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35083.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        23825                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        23825                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18972.222222                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18972.222222                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 26673.298805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26673.298805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25074.898876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25074.898876                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           71                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               71                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           17                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4604000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4604000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1588000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1588000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       402500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       402500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        66000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        66000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       307500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       307500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6192000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6192000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      6594500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6594500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       128000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       136500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       136500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       264500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       264500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.035459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013706                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013706                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.262295                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.262295                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.207317                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.207317                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.027203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.028747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 22679.802956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22679.802956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33083.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33083.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25156.250000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25156.250000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        13200                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        13200                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 18088.235294                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18088.235294                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24669.322709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24669.322709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 24698.501873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24698.501873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                30                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_kernel 576375678000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -105959145.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       185866531.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -71480376.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       125386152.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -352032345.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       604545676.800000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -212419584.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       382209269.760000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -708383447777.280640
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       1343872733061.120117
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -206930884544.640076
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       392396117256.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2285639588064.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       4336232645616.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.576376
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       4974712170.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       2676120870.315089
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       427657195.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       192.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       89459727.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       127598590.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       50298220.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       497833711.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       634956975.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       283057952.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       192.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       7298543.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       427657195.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       192.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       530248068.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       21.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       530248047.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       69591.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       124791504.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       46709997.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       175907959.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       7900.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       4157226.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       4748683.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       19802557
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       63241.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       51180.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       132124.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       442237.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       340899.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       38330.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
