sim_seconds                                  0.070649                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 70649300000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3886645723500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                8746270                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  9258910                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1501289171                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2567044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    47.06                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   411591309                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     435715772                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2270208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        17408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2322944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total          4624128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        10752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        17408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total        30976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       114944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        114944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8868                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           68                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         9074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total             18063                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks          449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total              449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       152188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     32133482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       246400                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     32879929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        39859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total            65451859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       152188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       246400                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        39859                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         438447                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks       1626966                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total            1626966                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks       1626966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       152188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     32133482                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       246400                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     32879929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        39859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total           67078825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                     18063                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                      449                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                  144504                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                   3592                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM              4617024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                  7104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                114944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys               4624128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             114944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                  222                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0           17209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1           18371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2           18371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3           16640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4           18913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5           17440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6           19681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7           17657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                 70649564000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5              144504                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5               3592                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                 17895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                 17892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                 17900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                 17907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                 17911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                 17920                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                 17929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                 17933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                   149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                   142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                  134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                  127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                  123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                  114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                  105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                  101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples        18816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.488095                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.048659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.552118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63          226      1.20%      1.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95           71      0.38%      1.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127           35      0.19%      1.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191           35      0.19%      1.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223           72      0.38%      2.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          213      1.13%      3.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18162     96.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total        18816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          150                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean   956.226667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   570.366362                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   802.109242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            8      5.33%      5.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           12      8.00%     13.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           13      8.67%     22.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            9      6.00%     28.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      4.67%     32.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      1.33%     34.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            3      2.00%     36.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.67%     36.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            2      1.33%     38.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            4      2.67%     40.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            5      3.33%     44.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            4      2.67%     46.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            2      1.33%     48.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      2.67%     50.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      4.67%     55.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            1      0.67%     56.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087           11      7.33%     63.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      3.33%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      2.00%     68.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      1.33%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            5      3.33%     73.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      2.67%     76.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      2.67%     78.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      1.33%     80.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            5      3.33%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.67%     84.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.33%     85.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      1.33%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      1.33%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            3      2.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.67%     90.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            2      1.33%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            2      1.33%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.67%     94.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.67%     94.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            3      2.00%     96.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.67%     97.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.67%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.67%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.67%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3903            1      0.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          150                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          150                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.946667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.935213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.653197                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.67%      0.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            149     99.33%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          150                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                 4235993500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat            6681573400                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                461702400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   29359.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              46309.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                      65.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       1.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                   65.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    1.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    30.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                 126068                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  2991                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                  3816419.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  87.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE  62998854133                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF    6207778800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT    1443006567                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          13309833.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          13180406.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2              13786416                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3              14088816                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0               8978856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1               8891544                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2               9300360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3               9504360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         72038553.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1         71206886.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         73279065.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         74824089.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        9820569.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        9588326.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        10302059.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3        10411130.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      4640282320.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      4640080020.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      4649817718.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      4653746066.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0       50221835952                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1       50222013408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2       50213471568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3       50210025648                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        70554947646.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        70553642153.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        70558638748.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3        70561281672.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.972384                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.970941                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.976463                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          77.979384                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           14                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total           14                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           14                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total           14                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        19968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2288128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        23552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2299136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total          4633856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        19968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        23552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total        46080                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       126976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        126976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           78                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           92                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8981                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total             18101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks          496                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total              496                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       282635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     32387129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       333365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     32542941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        36235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total            65589553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       282635                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       333365                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        36235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total         652236                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks       1797272                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            1797272                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks       1797272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       282635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     32387129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       333365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     32542941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        36235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total           67386825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                     18101                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                      496                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                  144808                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                   3968                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM              4627616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                  6240                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                126976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys               4633856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             126976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                  195                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0           19946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1           18632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2           17600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3           18600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4           17400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5           17360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6           17072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7           18003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0             584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                 70649288000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5              144808                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5               3968                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                 17930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                 17935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                 17944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                 17953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                 17959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                 17968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                 17975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                 17978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                   151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                   141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                  132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                  123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                  117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                  108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                  101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                   98                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples        18898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.592338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.203127                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.289236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63          229      1.21%      1.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95           62      0.33%      1.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127           35      0.19%      1.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191           37      0.20%      1.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223           62      0.33%      2.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          218      1.15%      3.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18255     96.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total        18898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples          166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean   864.897590                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   525.294330                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   768.962210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           29     17.47%     17.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           15      9.04%     26.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           13      7.83%     34.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            5      3.01%     37.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           15      9.04%     46.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           16      9.64%     56.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           13      7.83%     63.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      1.81%     65.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            8      4.82%     70.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            9      5.42%     75.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            4      2.41%     78.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            8      4.82%     83.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            4      2.41%     85.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            6      3.61%     89.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      1.20%     90.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.60%     90.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      1.20%     92.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            4      2.41%     94.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            3      1.81%     96.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.60%     96.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.60%     97.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.60%     98.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.60%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      0.60%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4479            1      0.60%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total          166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples          166                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.903614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.883043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.875449                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.20%      1.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            164     98.80%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total          166                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                 4243300470                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat            6694490820                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                462761600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   29342.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              46292.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                      65.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       1.80                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                   65.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    1.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    30.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                 126375                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                  3308                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                  3798961.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  87.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE  62989217442                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF    6207778800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT    1452296072                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0              13565664                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1          13422326.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2              13263264                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3              13843872                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0               9151440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1               9054744                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2               8947440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3               9339120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         73535654.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1             71924736                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         70659763.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         72860236.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        9887339.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1        9933373.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        9900195.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        10610196.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      4642901383.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      4644782274.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      4644855982.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      4652285207.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0       50219538528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1      50217888624.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2       50217823968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3      50211307104.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        70557261571.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        70555687639.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        70554132174.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        70558927297.920013                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.974941                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.973202                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.971483                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.976782                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        14848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2366976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2388992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total          4795136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        14848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        17152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total        33280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       134144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        134144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         9332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total             18731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks          524                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total              524                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        28988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       210165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     33503177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        47106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       242777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     33814801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        18118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total            67872378                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       210165                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       242777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        18118                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         471059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       1898731                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            1898731                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       1898731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        28988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       210165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     33503177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        47106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       242777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     33814801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        18118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total           69771109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                     18731                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                      524                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                  149848                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                   4192                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM              4788128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                  7008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                133440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys               4795136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             134144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                  219                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                  14                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0           17778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1           17784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2           18697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3           18472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4           17815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5           18912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6           21305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7           18866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2             561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4             730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                 70801160000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5              149848                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5               4192                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                 18547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                 18555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                 18561                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                 18573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                 18578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                 18583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                 18594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                 18599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                   162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                   149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                  142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                  130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                  125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                  120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                  108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                  103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples        19564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.562462                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.258320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.198258                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63          228      1.17%      1.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95           61      0.31%      1.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127           51      0.26%      1.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191           51      0.26%      2.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223           61      0.31%      2.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255          221      1.13%      3.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18891     96.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total        19564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples          174                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean   857.040230                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   487.546047                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   757.803217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           11      6.32%      6.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           23     13.22%     19.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      6.90%     26.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           12      6.90%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      1.15%     34.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      1.15%     35.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            3      1.72%     37.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      2.30%     39.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            3      1.72%     41.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            7      4.02%     45.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            5      2.87%     48.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      3.45%     51.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            4      2.30%     54.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           10      5.75%     59.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      2.30%     62.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            2      1.15%     63.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            8      4.60%     67.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      2.30%     70.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      3.45%     73.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      1.15%     74.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.72%     76.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            6      3.45%     79.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      2.30%     82.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      1.15%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            4      2.30%     85.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            4      2.30%     87.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.57%     88.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.57%     89.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.57%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      1.15%     90.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            2      1.15%     91.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            4      2.30%     94.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.57%     94.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.57%     95.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            2      1.15%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            3      1.72%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.57%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            1      0.57%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3391            1      0.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total          174                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples          174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.965517                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.960174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.479602                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.57%      0.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.57%      1.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      1.15%      2.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            166     95.40%     97.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::25              4      2.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total          174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                 4349166090                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat            6885377640                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                478812800                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   29066.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              46016.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                      67.77                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       1.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                   67.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    1.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    30.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                 130762                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                  3473                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                  3677027.27                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  87.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE  62939495267                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF    6207778800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT    1502018247                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          13068518.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          14328316.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          14100307.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          15378854.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0               8816064                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1               9665928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2               9512112                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3          10374624.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0             70274880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         77043033.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         75035251.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         81720038.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0        9996410.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        10457994.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        10571212.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        11270430.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      4638369637.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      4652713992.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      4651397046.719999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      4663505050.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0      50223513744.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1       50210930976                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2       50212086192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3       50201465136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        70552720816.320007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        70563821803.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        70561383683.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        70572395695.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.969923                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          77.982191                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          77.979496                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          77.991666                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        11520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2219008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        18944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2199808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total          4450560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        11520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        18944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total        31488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       121600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        121600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           74                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total             17385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks          475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total              475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       163059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     31408775                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       268141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     31137011                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        14494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total            62995104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       163059                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       268141                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        14494                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         445694                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       1721178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            1721178                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       1721178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       163059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     31408775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       268141                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     31137011                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        14494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total           64716282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                     17385                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                      475                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                  139080                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                   3800                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM              4443456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                  7104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                121344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys               4450560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             121600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                  222                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0           17264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1           17568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2           19985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3           15632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4           17018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5           18451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6           16819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7           16121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4             400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5             473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7             440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                 70793346000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5              139080                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5               3800                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                 17208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                 17207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                 17214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                 17219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                 17225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                 17236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                 17248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                 17254                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                   158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                   149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                  142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                  137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                  131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                  120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                  108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                  102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples        18181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.075298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.317415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.700809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63          231      1.27%      1.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95           75      0.41%      1.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127           45      0.25%      1.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191           45      0.25%      2.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223           74      0.41%      2.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          215      1.18%      3.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17494     96.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total        18181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          159                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean   870.748428                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   505.799650                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   769.853718                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           12      7.55%      7.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           16     10.06%     17.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      7.55%     25.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      3.14%     28.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      2.52%     30.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      3.77%     34.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      4.40%     38.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      1.89%     40.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            3      1.89%     42.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            3      1.89%     44.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      4.40%     49.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            3      1.89%     50.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            4      2.52%     53.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            7      4.40%     57.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            3      1.89%     59.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            7      4.40%     64.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            6      3.77%     67.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.89%     69.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.89%     71.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      3.14%     74.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            5      3.14%     77.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.89%     79.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.63%     80.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            5      3.14%     83.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.89%     85.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.26%     86.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.63%     87.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            3      1.89%     89.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            5      3.14%     92.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.63%     93.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.63%     93.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            2      1.26%     94.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.63%     95.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.63%     96.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            2      1.26%     97.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.63%     98.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            1      0.63%     98.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3263            1      0.63%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::3904-3967            1      0.63%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          159                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.849057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.819279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.062530                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.26%      1.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.63%      1.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::23              3      1.89%      3.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            151     94.97%     98.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::25              2      1.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                 4083802968                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat            6437446068                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                444345600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   29409.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              46359.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                      62.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       1.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                   63.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    1.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    30.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                 121309                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                  3160                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                  3963793.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  87.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE  63046613983                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF    6207778800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT    1394899531                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          13109644.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          13400553.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          13361846.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3          12653625.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0               8843808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1               9040056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2               9013944                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3               8536176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         70647782.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1         71913753.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         70957286.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         66171955.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        9807298.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        10029588.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        10066498.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        9896878.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      4638377517.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1        4643219088                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      4645354645.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      4642749918.719999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0       50223506832                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1       50219259840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2      50217386544.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3       50219671392                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        70552974444.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        70555544441.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        70554822326.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        70548361507.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.970203                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.973043                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.972245                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.965105                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        10496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2433792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2386688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total          4839168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        10496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total        18688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       124160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        124160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         9323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total             18903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks          485                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total              485                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       148565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     34448919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        86965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     33782189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        28988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total            68495626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       148565                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        86965                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        28988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         264518                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks       1757413                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            1757413                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks       1757413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       148565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     34448919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        86965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     33782189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        28988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total           70253039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                     18903                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                      485                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                  151224                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                   3880                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM              4828032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                 11136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                123936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys               4839168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             124160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                  348                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0           21083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1           17673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2           17425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3           18216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4           17336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5           19579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6           22041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7           17523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                 70806285000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5              151224                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5               3880                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                 18721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                 18723                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                 18732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                 18738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                 18747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                 18751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                 18762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                 18774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                   147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                   136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                  127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                  120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                  111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                  107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                   96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                   84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples        19723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.075800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.452651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.485176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63          238      1.21%      1.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95           77      0.39%      1.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127           66      0.33%      1.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159            1      0.01%      1.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191           64      0.32%      2.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223           77      0.39%      2.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          227      1.15%      3.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18973     96.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total        19723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean   927.975309                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   557.913347                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   771.190843                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           10      6.17%      6.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           19     11.73%     17.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      3.09%     20.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      4.32%     25.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      2.47%     27.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            3      1.85%     29.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            2      1.23%     30.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      2.47%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            4      2.47%     35.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            2      1.23%     37.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           10      6.17%     43.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      4.94%     48.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      3.70%     51.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      0.62%     52.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::896-959           11      6.79%     59.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      3.09%     62.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      3.09%     65.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      3.09%     68.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      2.47%     70.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      2.47%     73.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.85%     75.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            6      3.70%     79.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      1.23%     80.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      1.23%     81.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            4      2.47%     83.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.23%     85.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            3      1.85%     87.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      1.23%     88.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.23%     89.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.23%     90.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.62%     91.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            2      1.23%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.62%     93.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.62%     93.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            2      1.23%     95.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.62%     95.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.62%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.62%     96.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2880-2943            1      0.62%     97.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.62%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            2      1.23%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::3904-3967            1      0.62%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.907407                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.868820                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.260019                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.85%      1.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            157     96.91%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.62%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                 4420663015                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat            6978011215                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                482803200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   29299.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              46249.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                      68.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       1.75                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                   68.50                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    1.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    31.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                 131804                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                  3222                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              83.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                  3652067.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  87.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE  62932758757                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF    6207778800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT    1509552097                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          13923100.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1              13278384                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2              13559616                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3              14279328                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0               9392568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1               8957640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2               9147360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3               9632880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0         75774566.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         71055129.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2             72396480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         76348646.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        9976504.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        9920102.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        9890657.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3        10222433.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0      4644904956.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      4642617660.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      4647109351.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      4654632749.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0       50217781008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1       50219787408                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2       50215847328                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3       50209247856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        70560434265.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        70554297886.079987                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        70556632354.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3        70563045455.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          77.978447                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.971666                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.974246                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          77.981333                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2361600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        20736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2331904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total          4730112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        13824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        20736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total        35840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       133120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        133120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           81                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         9109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total             18477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks          520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total              520                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       195671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     33427083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       293506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     33006753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        18118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        10871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total            66952001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       195671                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       293506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        18118                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total         507294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       1884237                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            1884237                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       1884237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       195671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     33427083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       293506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     33006753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        18118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        10871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total           68836238                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                     18477                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                      520                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                  147816                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                   4160                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM              4724192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                  5920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                133120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys               4730112                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             133120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                  185                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0           18776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1           18929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2           19474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3           19168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4           19584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5           17953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6           17704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7           16043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1             616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7             697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                 70808107000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5              147816                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5               4160                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                 18280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                 18281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                 18289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                 18301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                 18310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                 18315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                 18329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                 18336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                   180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                   172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                  164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                  152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                  143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                  138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                  124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                  117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples        19333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.244608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.623902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.191967                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63          244      1.26%      1.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95           64      0.33%      1.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127           48      0.25%      1.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.04%      1.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191           48      0.25%      2.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223           65      0.34%      2.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          235      1.22%      3.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18621     96.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total        19333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          174                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean   844.132184                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   516.224460                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   722.572396                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            7      4.02%      4.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           23     13.22%     17.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      4.60%     21.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            5      2.87%     24.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            8      4.60%     29.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            9      5.17%     34.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            3      1.72%     36.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            3      1.72%     37.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            9      5.17%     43.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           10      5.75%     48.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::640-703           10      5.75%     54.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            3      1.72%     56.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      4.02%     60.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      2.30%     62.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      3.45%     66.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            1      0.57%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      2.87%     69.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      2.87%     72.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      2.30%     74.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            7      4.02%     78.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            1      0.57%     79.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.15%     80.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.57%     81.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      1.15%     82.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.57%     82.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.57%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.57%     83.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            4      2.30%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      1.15%     87.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            8      4.60%     91.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            3      1.72%     93.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.57%     94.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            2      1.15%     95.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.57%     95.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.57%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            3      1.72%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.57%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            1      0.57%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3519            1      0.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          174                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.908046                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.892633                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.769839                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.57%      0.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.57%      1.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.57%      1.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            171     98.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          174                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                 4326000069                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat            6828345519                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                472419200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   29302.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              46252.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                      66.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       1.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                   66.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    1.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                 128995                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                  3463                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                  3727331.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  87.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE  62959154396                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF    6207778800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT    1482359118                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          13486435.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1              14539392                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2              14113008                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          13233628.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0               9097992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1               9808320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2               9520680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3               8927448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         73026470.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1         79330867.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         75767078.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3         69332390.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0             9870336                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        9949962.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        10139074.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        10434769.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      4641458964.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      4651881647.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      4651137345.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      4646867708.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0       50220803808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1      50211661104.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2       50212314000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3       50216059296                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        70556425567.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        70565852854.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        70561672748.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        70553536802.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.974017                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          77.984435                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          77.979816                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.970825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2406144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        18176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2464000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total          4897024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        18176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total        26624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       133632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        133632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         9625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total             19129                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks          522                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total              522                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       108706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     34057577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.itb.walker         3624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       257271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     34876496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        10871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total            69314544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       108706                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       257271                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        10871                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         376847                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       1891484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            1891484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       1891484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       108706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     34057577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.itb.walker         3624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       257271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     34876496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        10871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total           71206028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                     19129                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                      522                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                  153032                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                   4176                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM              4890432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                  6592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                133632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys               4897024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             133632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                  206                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0           22618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1           17946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2           19840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3           18082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4           19121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5           17352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6           19209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7           18658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7             696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                 70826927000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5              153032                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5               4176                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                 18928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                 18932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                 18942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                 18950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                 18958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                 18966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                 18982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                 18990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                   184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                   170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                  160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                  152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                  144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                  136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                  120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                  112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples        19984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.404323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.896698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.774719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63          246      1.23%      1.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95           69      0.35%      1.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127           41      0.21%      1.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.04%      1.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191           41      0.21%      2.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223           68      0.34%      2.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255          238      1.19%      3.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287        19273     96.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total        19984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples          176                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean   867.375000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   549.555974                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   691.343658                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            6      3.41%      3.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           23     13.07%     16.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      5.68%     22.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.57%     22.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            7      3.98%     26.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            3      1.70%     28.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            6      3.41%     31.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            6      3.41%     35.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      3.98%     39.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            6      3.41%     42.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            6      3.41%     46.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      3.41%     49.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            4      2.27%     51.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      3.41%     55.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      4.55%     59.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            9      5.11%     64.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087           10      5.68%     70.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.70%     72.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      3.41%     75.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.70%     77.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.70%     78.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.70%     80.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.70%     82.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            5      2.84%     85.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.57%     85.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            5      2.84%     88.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.57%     89.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      1.14%     90.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.57%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.14%     92.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.57%     92.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            3      1.70%     94.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            2      1.14%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.57%     96.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.57%     96.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            2      1.14%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.57%     98.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.57%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3263            1      0.57%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::3392-3455            1      0.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total          176                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples          176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.727273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.688435                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.234988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.14%      1.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.57%      1.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::19              3      1.70%      3.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::21              3      1.70%      5.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.57%      5.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            166     94.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total          176                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                 4459807076                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat            7050207776                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                489043200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   29182.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              46132.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                      69.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       1.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                   69.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    1.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    31.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                 133545                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                  3473                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                  3604240.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  87.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE  62912798260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF    6207778800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT    1528715254                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0              14106960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1          13375756.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          13275964.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3              13614048                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0               9516600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1               9023328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2               8956008                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3               9184080                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0             76766976                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1         72287654.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         71070604.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         72652569.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        10105896.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        9605329.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        9714401.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        9906831.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      4646874329.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      4642402173.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      4644083171.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      4648347336.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0       50216053488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1       50219976432                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2       50218501872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3       50214761376                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        70562105811.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        70555352235.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2         70554283584                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        70557147803.519989                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          77.980294                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.972831                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.971650                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.974815                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        14336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2297856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2370304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total          4705536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        14336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        18688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total        35072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       126976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        126976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           56                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         8976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           73                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         9259                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total             18381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks          496                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total              496                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        10871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       202918                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     32524823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        18118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       264518                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     33550283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        28988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total            66604142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       202918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       264518                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        28988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total         496424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       1797272                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            1797272                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       1797272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        10871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       202918                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     32524823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        18118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       264518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     33550283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        28988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total           68401414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                     18381                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                      496                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                  147048                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   3968                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM              4700096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                  5440                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                126464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys               4705536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             126976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                  170                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           23                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0           18737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1           16978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2           17954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3           17176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4           19825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5           20080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6           17328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7           18800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                 70650486000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5              147048                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               3968                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                 18228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                 18231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                 18240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                 18250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                 18258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                 18262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                 18273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                 18278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                   137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                   128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                  119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                  109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                  101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                   97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                   86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                   81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples        19188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.540546                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.204704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.295131                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63          223      1.16%      1.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           70      0.36%      1.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127           42      0.22%      1.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191           42      0.22%      1.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           71      0.37%      2.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255          215      1.12%      3.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18525     96.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total        19188                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          165                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean   880.709091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   521.551860                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   726.627836                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            9      5.45%      5.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           22     13.33%     18.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      4.85%     23.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      4.85%     28.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2      1.21%     29.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      1.21%     30.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            6      3.64%     34.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            6      3.64%     38.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            3      1.82%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            4      2.42%     42.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      4.24%     46.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            7      4.24%     50.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            8      4.85%     55.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      3.64%     59.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            5      3.03%     62.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            3      1.82%     64.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      2.42%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.61%     67.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      3.64%     70.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      1.21%     72.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.82%     73.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      2.42%     76.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      2.42%     78.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            4      2.42%     81.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.21%     82.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            3      1.82%     84.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            4      2.42%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            3      1.82%     88.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      1.21%     89.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.21%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      1.21%     92.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.61%     92.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.61%     93.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            2      1.21%     94.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            2      1.21%     95.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.61%     96.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.61%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.61%     97.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            2      1.21%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.61%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            1      0.61%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          165                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          165                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.951515                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.941096                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.622799                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.61%      0.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            164     99.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          165                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                 4264853092                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat            6754435192                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                470009600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   29036.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              45986.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                      66.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       1.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                   66.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    1.80                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    31.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                 128350                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  3292                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              82.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                  3742675.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  87.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE  62966402645                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF    6207778800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT    1475110869                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          13021948.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          13265078.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          14850259.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          14067043.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0               8784648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1               8948664                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2              10018032                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3               9489672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         70221964.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         71322201.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         80287334.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3         75376204.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        9741358.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        9697812.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        10457579.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        9999728.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      4638410349.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      4641755765.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      4657101114.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      4653280892.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0       50223478032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1       50220543456                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2      50207082624.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3       50210433696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        70552339862.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        70554214539.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        70568478504.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        70561328798.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.969502                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.971574                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          77.987337                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.979436                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2423296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        18432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2415360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total          4873216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        13056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        18432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total        33792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       121856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        121856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           72                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         9435                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total             19036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks          476                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total              476                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       184800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     34300354                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       260894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     34188025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        32612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        10871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total            68977555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       184800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       260894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        32612                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         478306                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       1724801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            1724801                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       1724801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       184800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     34300354                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       260894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     34188025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        32612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        10871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total           70702357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                     19036                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                      476                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                  152288                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                   3808                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM              4867232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                  5984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                122368                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys               4873216                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             121856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                  187                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0           19976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1           17488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2           21458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3           18944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4           19641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5           19976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6           16274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7           18344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0             608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3             383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                 70650373000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5              152288                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5               3808                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                 18847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                 18849                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                 18861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                 18877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                 18887                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                 18891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                 18900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                 18905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                   170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                   163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                  151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                  135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                  125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                  121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                  112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                  107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples        19813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.834654                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.781573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    27.354551                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63          215      1.09%      1.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95           66      0.33%      1.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127           41      0.21%      1.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191           41      0.21%      1.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223           67      0.34%      2.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          208      1.05%      3.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287        19173     96.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total        19813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples          160                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean   948.881250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   565.597488                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   831.693826                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           24     15.00%     15.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           16     10.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           10      6.25%     31.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            8      5.00%     36.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            9      5.62%     41.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           13      8.12%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           12      7.50%     57.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            6      3.75%     61.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            8      5.00%     66.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            9      5.62%     71.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            8      5.00%     76.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            4      2.50%     79.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            4      2.50%     81.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            5      3.12%     85.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            4      2.50%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            4      2.50%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            3      1.88%     91.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            4      2.50%     94.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.62%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            2      1.25%     96.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.62%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.62%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      0.62%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      0.62%     98.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.62%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::4224-4351            1      0.62%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total          160                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples          160                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.900000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.874098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.082741                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.62%      0.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.62%      1.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.62%      1.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.62%      2.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.62%      3.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.62%      3.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            153     95.62%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total          160                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                 4474507746                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat            7052619696                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                486723200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   29418.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              46368.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                      68.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       1.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                   68.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    1.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    30.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                 132928                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                  3184                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                  3620867.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  87.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE  62922664482                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF    6207778800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT    1519262372                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          13067913.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          14425689.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2          13965436.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          13324953.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0               8815656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1               9731616                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2               9421128                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3               8989056                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0         69956390.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         78905548.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         75235929.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         70109145.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        9999728.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        9774120.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        9884021.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        10291691.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      4639426061.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      4649994190.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      4650021385.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      4647083250.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0       50222587056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1       50213316768                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2       50213292912                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3      50215870224.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0         70552534368                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        70564829495.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        70560502375.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        70554349882.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.969717                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          77.983305                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          77.978522                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.971723                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        13312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2408960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2332928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total          4775168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        13312                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        17152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total        32512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       134656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        134656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           52                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9410                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           67                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         9113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total             18653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks          526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total              526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       188424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     34097436                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       242777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     33021247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        28988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        10871                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total            67589743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       188424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       242777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        28988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         460189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       1905978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            1905978                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       1905978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       188424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     34097436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       242777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     33021247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        28988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        10871                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total           69495720                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                     18653                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                      526                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                  149224                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                   4208                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM              4768960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                  6208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                134912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys               4775168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             134656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                  194                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0           15952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1           18952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2           19546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3           17945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4           18312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5           19160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6           18945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7           20218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0             465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2             623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                 70811959000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5              149224                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5               4208                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                 18469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                 18471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                 18487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                 18495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                 18510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                 18515                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                 18521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                 18528                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                   165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                   157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                  141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                  133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                  118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                  113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                  107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                  100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples        19518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.248694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.643679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.168321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63          244      1.25%      1.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95           67      0.34%      1.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127           49      0.25%      1.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.04%      1.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191           49      0.25%      2.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223           66      0.34%      2.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          236      1.21%      3.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18800     96.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total        19518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples          177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean   838.723164                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   515.603382                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   687.673703                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            9      5.08%      5.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           19     10.73%     15.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      5.65%     21.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      4.52%     25.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      3.39%     29.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.95%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      3.95%     37.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            2      1.13%     38.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      4.52%     42.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            3      1.69%     44.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            6      3.39%     48.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      4.52%     52.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            4      2.26%     54.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      2.26%     57.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            2      1.13%     58.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      3.39%     61.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087           11      6.21%     67.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      2.26%     70.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            9      5.08%     75.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      2.26%     77.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.69%     79.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.13%     80.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      2.26%     82.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            5      2.82%     85.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            7      3.95%     89.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.13%     90.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.56%     90.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.56%     91.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.56%     92.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            5      2.82%     94.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.56%     95.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.56%     96.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            2      1.13%     97.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.56%     97.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            2      1.13%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            1      0.56%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::3648-3711            1      0.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total          177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples          177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.819209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.793140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.011903                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.56%      0.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.56%      1.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.56%      1.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      1.13%      2.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.56%      3.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.56%      3.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            170     96.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total          177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                 4365257060                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat            6891315560                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                476896000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   29291.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              46241.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                      67.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       1.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                   67.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    1.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    30.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                 130217                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                  3511                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                  3692161.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  87.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE  62941202467                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF    6207778800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT    1500460387                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0          13026787.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1              14025312                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          13764643.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          14661561.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0               8787912                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1               9461520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2               9285672                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3               9890736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         69936921.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         75098649.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         73975449.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3         78315993.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0             9797760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        10411130.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        9943326.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        10659962.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      4638903376.320000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      4649177275.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      4647806484.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      4657369570.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0       50223045552                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1       50214033360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2       50215235808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3       50206847136                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        70552179870.720001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        70560888809.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        70558692945.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        70566426522.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.969325                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.978950                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.976523                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          77.985069                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2321920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2268160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total          4614656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         8960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total        15360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       129792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        129792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total             18026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks          507                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total              507                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        47106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst        61600                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     32865435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        79718                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       126824                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     32104494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        28988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total            65317788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        61600                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       126824                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        28988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total         217412                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks       1837131                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            1837131                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks       1837131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        47106                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst        61600                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     32865435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        79718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       126824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     32104494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        28988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total           67154919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                     18026                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                      507                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                  144208                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                   4056                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM              4607840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                  6816                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                130048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys               4614656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             129792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                  213                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0           18377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1           16832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2           16600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3           18480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4           19207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5           17784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6           18778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7           17937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3             360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                 70807440000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5              144208                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5               4056                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                 17855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                 17857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                 17865                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                 17877                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                 17885                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                 17889                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                 17903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                 17909                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                   150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                   142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                  134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                  122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                  114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                  109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                   95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                   89                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples        18842                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.453561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.126038                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.417630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63          215      1.14%      1.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95           70      0.37%      1.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127           43      0.23%      1.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159           14      0.07%      1.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191           44      0.23%      2.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223           70      0.37%      2.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          209      1.11%      3.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18177     96.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total        18842                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          170                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean   848.111765                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   485.763549                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   707.050264                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           18     10.59%     10.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           15      8.82%     19.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      7.06%     26.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      1.18%     27.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      2.94%     30.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      0.59%     31.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      4.12%     35.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            6      3.53%     38.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            2      1.18%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            2      1.18%     41.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            4      2.35%     43.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      4.71%     48.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      4.12%     52.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.94%     55.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      4.71%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            9      5.29%     65.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            3      1.76%     67.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151           12      7.06%     74.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.59%     74.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      2.94%     77.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            5      2.94%     80.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            4      2.35%     82.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.76%     84.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      1.18%     85.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.59%     86.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.18%     87.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.59%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            4      2.35%     90.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.18%     91.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.59%     92.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            3      1.76%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.59%     94.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            2      1.18%     95.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.59%     96.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.59%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.59%     97.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.59%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2880-2943            1      0.59%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3135            1      0.59%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3263            1      0.59%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          170                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.905882                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.891525                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.747754                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.59%      0.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      1.18%      1.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            167     98.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          170                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                 4218716222                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat            6659431472                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                460784000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   29297.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              46247.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                      65.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       1.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                   65.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    1.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    30.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                 125837                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                  3380                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                  3820614.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  87.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE  62995384647                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF    6207778800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT    1446128867                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0          13092710.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          12887683.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          13775529.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3          13256611.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0               8832384                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1               8694072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2               9293016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3               8942952                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         70137100.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         68960985.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2             73869120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         70341772.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        10099261.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        9767900.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        10019635.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        9910149.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      4639499167.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      4638492921.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      4648490156.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      4645823322.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0       50222522928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1       50223405600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2       50214636096                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3      50216975424.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        70552865113.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        70550890724.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        70558765114.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        70553931792.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.970082                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.967900                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.976603                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.971261                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2321152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        19968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2328576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total          4683264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        19968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        32000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       120576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        120576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           78                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         9096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total             18294                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks          471                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total              471                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       137694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     32854565                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        14494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       282635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     32959647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        32612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total            66288895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       137694                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       282635                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        32612                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         452942                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks       1706684                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            1706684                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks       1706684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       137694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     32854565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        14494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       282635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     32959647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        32612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total           67995578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                     18294                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                      471                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                  146352                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                   3768                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM              4676416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                  6848                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                120832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys               4683264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             120576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                  214                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0           17994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1           17060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2           17312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3           17168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4           18849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5           18545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6           20354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7           18856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2             360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6             568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                 70649413000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5              146352                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5               3768                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                 18107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                 18104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                 18112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                 18121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                 18123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                 18130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                 18142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                 18149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                   169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                   162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                  154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                  145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                  143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                  136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                  124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                  117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples        19082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.401740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.029156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.587136                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63          219      1.15%      1.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95           73      0.38%      1.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127           47      0.25%      1.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159           10      0.05%      1.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191           48      0.25%      2.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223           72      0.38%      2.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255          208      1.09%      3.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18405     96.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total        19082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean   922.189873                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   539.608141                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   782.968467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           12      7.59%      7.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           18     11.39%     18.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      4.43%     23.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      1.90%     25.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      1.90%     27.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            3      1.90%     29.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      2.53%     31.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      2.53%     34.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            5      3.16%     37.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            7      4.43%     41.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            5      3.16%     44.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            9      5.70%     50.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      3.80%     54.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            2      1.27%     55.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            3      1.90%     57.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      3.16%     60.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      3.16%     63.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      2.53%     66.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            5      3.16%     69.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            6      3.80%     73.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            6      3.80%     77.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.27%     78.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            5      3.16%     81.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.90%     83.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.63%     84.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.63%     84.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            3      1.90%     86.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.63%     87.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            3      1.90%     89.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.63%     89.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            2      1.27%     91.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.63%     91.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.63%     92.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.63%     93.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.63%     93.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            2      1.27%     94.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.63%     95.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.63%     96.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.63%     96.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.63%     97.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            1      0.63%     98.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3392-3455            2      1.27%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3519            1      0.63%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          158                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.898734                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.887580                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.678983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.63%      0.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.63%      1.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.63%      1.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.63%      2.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            154     97.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          158                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                 4263867971                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat            6740907071                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                467641600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   29177.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              46127.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                      66.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       1.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                   66.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    1.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    31.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                 127692                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                  3140                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              83.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                  3764956.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  87.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE  62976084320                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF    6207778800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT    1465549880                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0              13151376                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1              13190688                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          13806979.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3              14621040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0               8871960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1               8898480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2               9314232                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3               9863400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0             70734144                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1         70099660.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2         74102246.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3         78689395.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        9777853.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        10185523.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        9973186.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        10331504.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      4640668698.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      4642813503.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      4648341974.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      4655804523.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0      50221497024.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1       50219615616                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2       50214766080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3      50208219984.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        70553382617.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1        70553485032.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        70558986260.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        70566211409.280014                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.970654                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.970767                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.976847                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          77.984832                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        11264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2320384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        13824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2298112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total          4646144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        11264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        13824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total        27648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       116224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        116224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         8977                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total             18149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks          454                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total              454                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       159435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     32843694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       195671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     32528447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        36235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total            65763482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       159435                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       195671                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        36235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         391341                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks       1645084                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            1645084                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks       1645084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       159435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     32843694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       195671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     32528447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        36235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total           67408566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                     18149                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                      454                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                  145192                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                   3632                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM              4638112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                  8032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                116480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys               4646144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             116224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                  251                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0           19793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1           16618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2           18408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3           19712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4           17257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5           17105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6           18840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7           17208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                 70649077000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5              145192                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5               3632                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                 17993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                 17999                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                 18007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                 18018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                 18021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                 18027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                 18036                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                 18041                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                   129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                   118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                  110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                   99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                   96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                   90                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                   81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                   76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples        18905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.499180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.338317                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.092355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63          200      1.06%      1.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95           72      0.38%      1.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127           57      0.30%      1.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159            8      0.04%      1.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191           57      0.30%      2.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223           73      0.39%      2.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          193      1.02%      3.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18245     96.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total        18905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          153                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean   948.581699                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   547.535929                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   783.944854                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           30     19.61%     19.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           13      8.50%     28.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3      1.96%     30.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           10      6.54%     36.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            4      2.61%     39.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           10      6.54%     45.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            8      5.23%     50.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            9      5.88%     56.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            7      4.58%     61.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279           10      6.54%     67.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407           12      7.84%     75.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            6      3.92%     79.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            4      2.61%     82.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            5      3.27%     85.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            4      2.61%     88.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            7      4.58%     92.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      1.31%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      1.31%     95.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            2      1.31%     96.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.65%     97.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            1      0.65%     98.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      0.65%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      0.65%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::4224-4351            1      0.65%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          153                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.790850                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.758832                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.115994                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.31%      1.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      1.31%      2.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      1.31%      3.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            147     96.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                 4238396778                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat            6695146728                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                463811200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   29242.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              46192.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                      65.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       1.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                   65.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    1.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    31.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                 126649                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  3027                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                  3797724.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  87.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE  62990803953                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF    6207778800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT    1450709561                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0          13014691.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          13872902.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2              13024368                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          13737427.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0               8779752                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1               9358704                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2               8786280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3               9267312                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0             69967872                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         74791142.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2         69091276.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3         72804825.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        9876971.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        10066498.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        9949962.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3        10218700.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      4638278802.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      4646047619.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      4642756922.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      4651533682.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0      50223593424.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1       50216778672                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2       50219665248                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3       50211966336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        70552193074.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        70559597100.479996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        70551955619.519989                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        70558209845.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.969340                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.977522                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.969077                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.975989                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2402048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2413824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total          4857344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        10752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        22016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       123648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        123648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         9429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total             18974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks          483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total              483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        25365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       152188                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     33999601                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        72471                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       311624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     34166283                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        18118                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total            68752896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       152188                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       311624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        18118                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total         481930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       1750166                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            1750166                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       1750166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        25365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       152188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     33999601                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        72471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       311624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     34166283                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        18118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total           70503062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                     18974                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                      483                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                  151792                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                   3864                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM              4849536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                  7808                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                123136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys               4857344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             123648                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                  244                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0           19578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1           18002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2           19201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3           18928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4           18577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5           18376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6           18570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7           20316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                 70807602000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5              151792                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5               3864                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                 18790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                 18790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                 18795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                 18806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                 18811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                 18821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                 18833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                 18839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                   162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                   153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                  148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                  137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                  131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                  121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                  109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                  102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples        19743                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.870131                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.825837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    27.292867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63          215      1.09%      1.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95           64      0.32%      1.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127           39      0.20%      1.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.02%      1.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191           42      0.21%      1.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223           62      0.31%      2.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255          202      1.02%      3.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287        19116     96.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total        19743                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean   912.368098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   551.080824                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   749.092702                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           10      6.13%      6.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           19     11.66%     17.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      4.29%     22.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      4.91%     26.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            4      2.45%     29.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            6      3.68%     33.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            2      1.23%     34.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            4      2.45%     36.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            9      5.52%     42.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      4.29%     46.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            5      3.07%     49.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      3.68%     53.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            3      1.84%     55.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      4.29%     59.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            4      2.45%     61.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            7      4.29%     66.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      3.07%     69.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      2.45%     71.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            6      3.68%     75.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.84%     77.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.84%     79.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            2      1.23%     80.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      1.23%     81.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.61%     82.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.23%     83.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.61%     84.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.23%     85.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.23%     86.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            6      3.68%     90.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            5      3.07%     93.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.61%     93.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.61%     94.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.61%     95.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            2      1.23%     96.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.61%     96.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            1      0.61%     97.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.61%     98.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2880-2943            1      0.61%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3135            1      0.61%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3391            1      0.61%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.607362                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.539701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.607988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::16              5      3.07%      3.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.61%      3.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.61%      4.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.61%      4.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.61%      5.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.61%      6.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.61%      6.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            152     93.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                 4433057596                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat            7001796196                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                484953600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   29251.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              46201.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                      68.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       1.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                   68.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    1.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    30.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                 132451                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                  3202                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              82.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                  3639183.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  87.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE  62928569591                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF    6207778800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT    1512943923                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0              13986000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          14056156.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          13656988.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          14764377.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0               9435000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1               9482328                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2               9213048                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3               9960096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0             75840960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         75916838.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2         73645478.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         79408243.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        10182205.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        10139074.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        9784074.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        10232386.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      4645324385.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1      4648775849.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      4646835313.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      4658028946.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0       50217413088                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1       50214385488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2       50216087712                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3       50206268736                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        70560863200.319992                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        70561437296.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        70557904176.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        70567344347.519989                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          77.978921                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          77.979556                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.975651                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          77.986084                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2320384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        14848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2365952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total          4717568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        14848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total        24576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       124928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        124928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         9242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total             18428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks          488                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total              488                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       101459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     32843694                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        83341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       210165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     33488683                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        36235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         3624                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total            66774448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       101459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       210165                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        36235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         347859                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks       1768284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            1768284                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks       1768284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       101459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     32843694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        83341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       210165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     33488683                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        36235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         3624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total           68542731                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                     18428                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                      488                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                  147424                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                   3904                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM              4710144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                  7424                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                124416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys               4717568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             124928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                  232                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0           19896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1           17762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2           18224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3           19577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4           17184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5           18210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6           17138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7           19201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3             415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                 70650517000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5              147424                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5               3904                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                 18246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                 18249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                 18258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                 18271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                 18276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                 18279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                 18287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                 18293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                   160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                   149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                  140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                  127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                  122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                  119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                  111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                  105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples        19238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.302630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.867101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.851233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63          222      1.15%      1.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95           76      0.40%      1.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127           55      0.29%      1.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.02%      1.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191           54      0.28%      2.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223           76      0.40%      2.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          209      1.09%      3.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18542     96.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total        19238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean   901.987730                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   530.435078                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   826.524256                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           29     17.79%     17.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           13      7.98%     25.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            9      5.52%     31.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            8      4.91%     36.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           12      7.36%     43.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           14      8.59%     52.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            8      4.91%     57.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           11      6.75%     63.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151           13      7.98%     71.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            8      4.91%     76.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            6      3.68%     80.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            5      3.07%     83.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            4      2.45%     85.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.61%     86.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            4      2.45%     88.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            2      1.23%     90.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      1.23%     91.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            3      1.84%     93.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            4      2.45%     95.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.61%     96.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.61%     96.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.61%     97.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      0.61%     98.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      0.61%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.61%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::4736-4863            1      0.61%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.852761                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.827166                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.989033                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::16              2      1.23%      1.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.61%      1.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.61%      2.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            159     97.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                 4313623364                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat            6808527764                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                471014400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   29306.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              46256.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                      66.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       1.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                   66.77                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    1.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    30.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                 128603                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                  3239                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                  3734960.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  87.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE  62969227663                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF    6207778800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT    1473049191                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          13814841.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1              14642208                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          13383619.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3              13880160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0               9319536                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1               9877680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2               9028632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3               9363600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0             74847552                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         79501593.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         71556326.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         73551628.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        9986457.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        10142392.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        9893560.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        10391639.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      4644495486.719999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      4653351973.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      4643787081.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      4652604169.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0       50218140192                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1      50210371344.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2       50218761600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3       50211027312                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        70559285627.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        70566568752.960007                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        70555092381.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        70559500071.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.977178                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          77.985227                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.972544                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.977415                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      2330624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst        15104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      2353152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total          4720384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        19200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        15104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total        36096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       120832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        120832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           75                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         9104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           59                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         9192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total             18439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks          472                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total              472                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       271765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     32988635                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       213788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     33307506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        25365                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total            66814307                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       271765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       213788                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        25365                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total         510918                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks       1710307                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total            1710307                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks       1710307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       271765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     32988635                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       213788                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     33307506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        25365                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total           68524614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                     18439                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                      472                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                  147512                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                   3776                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM              4713056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                  7328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                120576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys               4720384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             120832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                  229                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0           19954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1           17230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2           19369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3           17785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4           18144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5           17210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6           20542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7           17049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3             504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                 70646681000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5              147512                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5               3776                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                 18271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                 18272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                 18283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                 18288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                 18295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                 18300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                 18308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                 18314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                   148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                   138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                  127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                  122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                  115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                  108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                  100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                   94                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples        19250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.097766                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.548201                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.341241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63          227      1.18%      1.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95           72      0.37%      1.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127           65      0.34%      1.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159           12      0.06%      1.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191           67      0.35%      2.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223           73      0.38%      2.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          208      1.08%      3.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18526     96.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total        19250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          157                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean   930.617834                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   551.098160                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   833.875994                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           26     16.56%     16.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           15      9.55%     26.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            9      5.73%     31.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           10      6.37%     38.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5      3.18%     41.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           12      7.64%     49.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           13      8.28%     57.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           13      8.28%     65.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            5      3.18%     68.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            8      5.10%     73.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            7      4.46%     78.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            3      1.91%     80.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            8      5.10%     85.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            5      3.18%     88.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.64%     89.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.64%     89.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.64%     90.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            2      1.27%     91.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            2      1.27%     92.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            2      1.27%     94.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            2      1.27%     95.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            2      1.27%     96.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            2      1.27%     98.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      0.64%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      0.64%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4223            1      0.64%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          157                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean           24                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            157    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                 4344146147                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat            6840592997                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                471305600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   29495.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              46445.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                      66.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       1.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                   66.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    1.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    30.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                 128672                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  3129                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              82.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                  3735745.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  87.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE  62962642751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF    6207778800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT    1478870763                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          13318300.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1          13592275.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          12963283.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3          14320454.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0               8984568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1               9169392                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2               8745072                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3               9660624                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         71729548.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         73271078.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2         68788761.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3             76292736                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        9959915.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        9966551.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2        9771217.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        10344775.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      15588681561.599998                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      4640613759.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      4643492742.719999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      4641565777.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3        4656469536                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0       50221545216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1       50219019792                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2       50220710112                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3       50207636640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        70554832870.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        70557193392.959991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2        70551225786.239990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3        70563406327.679993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.972257                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.974866                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.968271                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          77.981732                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              294326                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             294326                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 17                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                17                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              7844                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            210                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              43                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               880                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              880                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave       598619                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       598725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 598725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          212                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     77571329                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     77571541                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                77571541                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    147163000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   4855805500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        17000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         8500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    129426000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        91000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       105000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        21500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       440000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     14520000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          753                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        12127                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            5                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback           38                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            9                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           40                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      1794499                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     96389500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         3992                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp         6000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         4000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       384000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                           806                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                        12169                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime             1804991                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime           96779500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                              349                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            303405                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  303405    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              303405                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               34500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                  53                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           277033000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded              303057                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         4870355500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization              6.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded             295266                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq             294289                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp            294289                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback             7844                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              41                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             43                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq              880                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp             880                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         9650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         9152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         9135                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         9555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         9253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         9172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         9090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         9807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         9152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         9389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         9773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         9685                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         9441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         9261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         9170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total       149573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         9375                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         9134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         9280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         9577                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         9397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         9172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         9282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         9545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         9223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         9423                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         9537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         9667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         9403                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         9415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8891                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         9225                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total       149546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         9469                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         9165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         9184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         9662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         9551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         9222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         9141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         9656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         9532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         9566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         9629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         9560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         9086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         9411                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         9227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total       149635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         9494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         9124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         9462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         9501                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         9149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         9194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         9187                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         9548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         9439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         9458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         9841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         9523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         9374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         9391                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8893                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total       149516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                598270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1251840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1185024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1183232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1239040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1200640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1189632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1178368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1267456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1187584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1218048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1267456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1255680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1224192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1202688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1153280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1189632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total     19393792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1217536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1182464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1204992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1243392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1218048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1188096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1204224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1237504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1197056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1221632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1238272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1251584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1217280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1221632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1152000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1197056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total     19392768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1228288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1188608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1189888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1250560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1236992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1193984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1186560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1251840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1234176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1241600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1247232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1239040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1176064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1219584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1111552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1197312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total     19393280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1231616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1182976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1225728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1230336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1185536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1190656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1191680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1238272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1223680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1228544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1277696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1234688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1214976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1219328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1155328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1160448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total     19391489                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total               77571329                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    411965800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2900847943                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     73732000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        57400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         2800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        60157                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1229200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      8654106                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq           97                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq        65800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback         1600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq         2800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                          108                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime              70200                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime                 0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           31146400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded              19256                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy           29508000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded              18512                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy           30037200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded              18766                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy           31022800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded              19390                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy           30250600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded              18911                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy           29680600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded              18607                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy           30004000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded              18598                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy           31126400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded              19516                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy           30384600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded              18917                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy           31056600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded              19181                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy          31683800                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded             19651                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy          31104600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded             19459                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy          30427200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded             18900                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy          30755400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded             18999                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy          28797600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded             17860                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy          30001400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded             18533                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy         727516430                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded             73809                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy         727177719                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded             73782                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy         728004305                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded             73871                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy         726865252                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded             73751                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq       294289                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp       294289                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback         7844                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           41                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           43                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq          880                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp          880                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       149573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       149546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       149635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       149516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total       598270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave     19393792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave     19392768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave     19393280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave     19391489                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     77571329                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    235431200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1177156000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     31376000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        32800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         1600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        34400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       704000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      3520000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp         3978                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           19                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     13016100                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp        57400                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                  3997                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime     13073500                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy     66867200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded        75764                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy     66953600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded        75764                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy     66672000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded        75764                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy     67053700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded        75765                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   1180711200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded       295213                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2364523                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2364523                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           120507                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             183                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           252                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            435                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2632                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2632                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       812008                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           33                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1591057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       806682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1590458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            3                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4810878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       605696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    108769644                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      3180736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       657920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    108211036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      3180184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        59904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        29965                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              224695217                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1183071377                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  25310307371                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        17000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         8500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   3916505444                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        91999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       126499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        43499                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1322487                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     83755993                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        64336                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        21161                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           10                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback         3486                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            6                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           36                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq          141                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           57                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    968144990                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    104388955                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq       285000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback     41007500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        99500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       904500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        32000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq        22000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1968500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       180500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        68081                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                       21220                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime         1012431990                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime         104601455                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                           44845                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2488061                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47               2488061    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2488061                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5101135306                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              7.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            2488115                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          76982325                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              2366                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12572306959                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            17.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            387064                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                18                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         796550143                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded            795873                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          83622804                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              2570                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy       12470101938                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            17.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            383915                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.occupancy             19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                19                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy         796063694                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded            795412                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy          7605499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              234                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          3716500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              135                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                2                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         7064                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         7064    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         7064                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         7064                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         7064    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         7064                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         7064                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         7064    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         7064                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         7064                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         7064    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         7064                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples         7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0             7064    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total         7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0            7064    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total         7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                    295290                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8189.972373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      887508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    295290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.005547                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      299.571494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     1.478225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.022062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    16.705125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  3816.215901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     3.723830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    19.388487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  3824.955603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst     0.173547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data     0.124895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     1.045482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst    15.537839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   191.029715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.036569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.itb.walker     0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.002039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.465847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.002367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.466914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.000021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.001897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.023319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023             9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          541                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3466                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3571                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001099                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996948                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  19843750                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 19843750                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       795133                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       217535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       794945                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       214645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           45                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 2025219                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           120507                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                120507                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   24                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 42                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          692                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          975                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1674                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       795133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          1445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data        218227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       794945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst          1325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data        215620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            52                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2026893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       795133                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1445                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data       218227                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       794945                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.itb.walker           16                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst         1325                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data       215620                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          114                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           52                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2026893                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst          921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       146099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       146271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                294827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          441                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          458                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 903                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst          921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       146540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       146729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 295730                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           51                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst          921                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       146540                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1245                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       146729                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          120                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                295730                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      6536000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    115892500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  18974587417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     13124500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    157593500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  19005175439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15277000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2315500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38290625856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       130500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       195000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       325500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     55251000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     57603500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       438500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     113293000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      6536000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    115892500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  19029838417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     13124500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    157593500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  19062778939                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15277000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2754000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      38403918856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      6536000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    115892500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  19029838417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     13124500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    157593500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  19062778939                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     15277000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2754000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     38403918856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       795184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       363634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       795046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       360916                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           63                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             2320046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       120507                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            120507                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               42                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           18                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             44                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         1133                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         1433                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           11                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2577                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       795184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data       364767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       795046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data       362349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data           74                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2322623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       795184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data       364767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       795046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         2570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data       362349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data           74                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2322623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.389265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.401775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.058824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.484436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.405277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.512821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.127078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.263158                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.428571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.076923                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.045455                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.389232                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.319609                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.363636                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.350407                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.389265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.401736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.058824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.484436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.404938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.512821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.297297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.127326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.389265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.401736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.058824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.484436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.404938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.512821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.297297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.127326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 128156.862745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 125833.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129874.861683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 129945.544554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 126581.124498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129931.260735                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127308.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 128638.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129874.895637                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        14500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        39000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18083.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 125285.714286                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 125771.834061                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       109625                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125462.901440                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 128156.862745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 125833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129861.051024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 129945.544554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 126581.124498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129918.277498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127308.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 125181.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129861.423785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 128156.862745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 125833.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 129861.051024                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 129945.544554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 126581.124498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 129918.277498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 127308.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 125181.818182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129861.423785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 7844                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      7844                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           74                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           78                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           74                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           78                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                 538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          170                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           74                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           78                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       146025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           87                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1059                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       146193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           294289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            18                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          441                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          458                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            903                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       146466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           87                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       146651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            295192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       146466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           87                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       146651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           295192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4021000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     89148000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  17359498917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     10461000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    126311500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  17388558439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2117500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34994186356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       488999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       270500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       225000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       984499                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       108499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       108499                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     50400000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     52565500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       394500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103360000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4021000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     89148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  17409898917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     10461000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    126311500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  17441123939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2512000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35097546356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      4021000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst     89148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  17409898917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     10461000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    126311500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  17441123939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     13957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2512000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35097546356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       382500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       333000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        40000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       755500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       160000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       140000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        50500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       350500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       542500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       473000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        90500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1106000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.317413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.401571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.412062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.405061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.512821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.126846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.263158                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045455                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.389232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.319609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.363636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.317413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.401533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.412062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.404723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.512821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.297297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.127094                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.317413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.401533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.itb.walker     0.058824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.412062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.404723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.512821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.297297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.127094                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 114885.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 118705.725699                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118880.321294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 120241.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119274.315392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118942.483149                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116308.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 117638.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118910.956087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54333.222222                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54100                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        56250                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54694.388889                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 54249.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54249.500000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 114285.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 114771.834061                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        98625                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114462.901440                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 114885.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 118705.725699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118866.487219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 120241.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119274.315392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118929.457958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116308.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 114181.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118897.349373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 114885.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 118705.725699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 118866.487219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 120241.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119274.315392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 118929.457958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 116308.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 114181.818182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118897.349373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                        806                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples        73802                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        73802    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total         73802                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1955                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1955    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1955                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          7064                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     267397508.493771                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean    263043222.822389                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    48240970.888707                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           17      0.24%      0.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           84      1.19%      1.43% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08          230      3.26%      4.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08         1841     26.06%     30.75% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08         1484     21.01%     51.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08         1511     21.39%     73.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08         1596     22.59%     95.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08          186      2.63%     98.37% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08           59      0.84%     99.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           31      0.44%     99.65% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08           11      0.16%     99.80% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            5      0.07%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            4      0.06%     99.93% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            4      0.06%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            7064                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        267423909.366406      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                  18893312                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         7064                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    7081313.703284                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   16666129.304037                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         5571     78.86%     78.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1213     17.17%     96.04% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     96.04% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          185      2.62%     98.66% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           46      0.65%     99.31% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.31% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           29      0.41%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           10      0.14%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.86% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            4      0.06%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            5      0.07%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           7064                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       7084005.078607      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                 500480                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples           73802                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       99897.719574                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      98614.280032                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      19408.479602                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           91      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            1      0.00%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           30      0.04%      0.17% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        66236     89.75%     89.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         1494      2.02%     91.94% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         1304      1.77%     93.70% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1316      1.78%     95.49% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         1356      1.84%     97.33% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         1228      1.66%     98.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           52      0.07%     99.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           13      0.02%     99.08% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          639      0.87%     99.94% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           18      0.02%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           20      0.03%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            0      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total             73802                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples               73802                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           957295.791442                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          609366.283017                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             73802    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value            158000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value           5977000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                 73802                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              1955                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         36130407.672634                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        45466553.395731                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1955    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          174000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       349228000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                1955                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                 75757                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             932581.332418                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            593360.490765                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               75757    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value              158000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value             5977000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                   75757                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         7064                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.101501                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.302012                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             6347     89.85%     89.85% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              717     10.15%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         7064                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         7064                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            7064    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         7064                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean            10.445215                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean           10.275187                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            1.881556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-1                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2-3                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-5                    17      0.24%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6-7                   313      4.43%      4.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-9                  1832     25.93%     30.61% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10-11                2984     42.24%     72.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-13                1618     22.90%     95.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14-15                 250      3.54%     99.29% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-17                  27      0.38%     99.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18-19                  13      0.18%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-21                   3      0.04%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::22-23                   6      0.08%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-25                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.276614                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.651021                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                   5571     78.86%     78.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   1213     17.17%     96.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    185      2.62%     98.66% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                     46      0.65%     99.31% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                     29      0.41%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                     10      0.14%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      4      0.06%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      5      0.07%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples        73771                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        73771    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total         73771                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1982                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1982    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1982                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          7064                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     267288788.221971                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean    262965218.575318                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    47956025.906952                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08           20      0.28%      0.28% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08          301      4.26%      4.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08         3320     47.00%     51.54% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08         3119     44.15%     95.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08          249      3.52%     99.22% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08           43      0.61%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08            4      0.06%     99.89% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            7      0.10%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            7064                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        267311579.874111      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                  18885376                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         7064                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    7179161.947905                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   16424870.606358                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         5543     78.47%     78.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1231     17.43%     95.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     95.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          189      2.68%     98.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           61      0.86%     99.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           22      0.31%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08            9      0.13%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            7      0.10%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            2      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           7064                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       7181840.442864      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                 507392                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples           73771                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       99992.901004                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      98681.546693                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      19668.888743                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           90      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           28      0.04%      0.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        66132     89.64%     89.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         1499      2.03%     91.84% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         1334      1.81%     93.65% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1292      1.75%     95.40% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         1367      1.85%     97.25% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         1259      1.71%     98.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           40      0.05%     99.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           10      0.01%     99.02% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          679      0.92%     99.94% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           12      0.02%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           20      0.03%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            2      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            3      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total             73771                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples               73771                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           957688.359925                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          610284.352392                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             73771    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value            142000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value           6145000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                 73771                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              1982                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         35738174.066599                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        46476799.206464                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1982    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value          193000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       496023000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                1982                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                 75753                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             932631.420538                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            593148.760163                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               75753    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value              142000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value             6145000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                   75753                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         7064                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.108579                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.311132                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             6297     89.14%     89.14% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              767     10.86%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         7064                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         7064                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            7064    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         7064                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean            10.440968                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean           10.271218                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            1.878490                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-1                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2-3                     1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-5                    16      0.23%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6-7                   311      4.40%      4.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-9                  1832     25.93%     30.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10-11                3013     42.65%     73.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-13                1585     22.44%     95.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14-15                 252      3.57%     99.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-17                  32      0.45%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18-19                  12      0.17%     99.86% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-21                   4      0.06%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::22-23                   5      0.07%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::26-27                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.280436                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.641597                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                   5543     78.47%     78.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                   1231     17.43%     95.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    189      2.68%     98.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                     61      0.86%     99.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                     22      0.31%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                      9      0.13%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                      7      0.10%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      2      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples        73861                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        73861    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total         73861                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1894                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1894    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1894                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          7064                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     267625821.064553                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean    263297029.431728                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    48091038.910970                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           14      0.20%      0.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           90      1.27%      1.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08          240      3.40%      4.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08         1777     25.16%     30.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08         1539     21.79%     51.81% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08         1516     21.46%     73.27% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08         1568     22.20%     95.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08          204      2.89%     98.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08           56      0.79%     99.15% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           38      0.54%     99.69% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            9      0.13%     99.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            6      0.08%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            4      0.06%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            2      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            7064                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        267637697.754967      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                  18908416                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         7064                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    6845753.114383                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   16278473.970077                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         5621     79.57%     79.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1170     16.56%     96.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     96.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          176      2.49%     98.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           50      0.71%     99.33% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.33% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           28      0.40%     99.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           11      0.16%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            6      0.08%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            2      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           7064                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       6862969.626026      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                 484864                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples           73861                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       100070.518948                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      98745.095616                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      19833.122364                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           72      0.10%      0.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.10% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           32      0.04%      0.14% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        66159     89.57%     89.71% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         1543      2.09%     91.80% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         1351      1.83%     93.63% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1284      1.74%     95.37% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         1342      1.82%     97.19% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         1265      1.71%     98.90% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           51      0.07%     98.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-212991           14      0.02%     98.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          699      0.95%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           19      0.03%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           23      0.03%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            4      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total             73861                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples               73861                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           956529.332124                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          608250.945918                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             73861    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value            180000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value           5987000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                 73861                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              1894                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         37298634.107709                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        48393285.722628                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1894    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          193000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value       367762000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                1894                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                 75755                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             932600.580820                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            592264.348037                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               75755    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value              168000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value             5987000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                   75755                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         7064                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.100368                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.300511                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             6355     89.96%     89.96% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              709     10.04%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         7064                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         7064                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            7064    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         7064                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean            10.454134                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean           10.284355                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            1.880665                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-1                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2-3                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-5                    17      0.24%      0.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6-7                   319      4.52%      4.76% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-9                  1809     25.61%     30.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10-11                3027     42.85%     73.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-13                1569     22.21%     95.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14-15                 266      3.77%     99.19% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-17                  32      0.45%     99.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18-19                  17      0.24%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-21                   2      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::22-23                   5      0.07%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::26-27                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.267412                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           0.635878                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                   5621     79.57%     79.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                   1170     16.56%     96.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    176      2.49%     98.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                     50      0.71%     99.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                     28      0.40%     99.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                     11      0.16%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                      6      0.08%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      2      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples        73735                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        73735    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total         73735                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2014                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.873386                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.296121                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.682121                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.05%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2013     99.95%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2014                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          7064                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     267158323.895810                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean    262816164.093549                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    48046459.019847                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08           12      0.17%      0.18% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           90      1.27%      1.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08          242      3.43%      4.88% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08         1809     25.61%     30.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08         1542     21.83%     52.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08         1467     20.77%     73.09% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08         1608     22.76%     95.85% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08          176      2.49%     98.34% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08           60      0.85%     99.19% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           36      0.51%     99.70% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            6      0.08%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            5      0.07%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            3      0.04%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            4      0.06%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            2      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            7064                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        267181132.721768      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                  18876160                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         7064                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    7291506.228766                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   17223132.467610                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         5525     78.21%     78.21% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1271     17.99%     96.21% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     96.21% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          174      2.46%     98.67% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           38      0.54%     99.21% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     99.21% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           25      0.35%     99.56% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           16      0.23%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            8      0.11%     99.90% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            5      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            2      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           7064                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       7294184.089581      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                 515329                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples           73735                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       99828.579372                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      98570.034082                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      19230.869847                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-16383               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::16384-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-49151           80      0.11%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::49152-65535            0      0.00%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-81919           27      0.04%      0.15% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::81920-98303        66305     89.92%     90.07% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-114687         1435      1.95%     92.01% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::114688-131071         1324      1.80%     93.81% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-147455         1256      1.70%     95.51% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::147456-163839         1334      1.81%     97.32% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-180223         1275      1.73%     99.05% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::180224-196607           41      0.06%     99.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-212991            7      0.01%     99.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::212992-229375          597      0.81%     99.93% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-245759           27      0.04%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::245760-262143           17      0.02%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-278527            2      0.00%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::278528-294911            8      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-311295            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::311296-327679            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total             73735                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples               73735                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           958156.031735                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          609981.724818                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             73735    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value            174000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value           5290000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                 73735                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              2014                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         35160253.227408                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        45973968.550773                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2014    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          149000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       446896000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                2014                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                 75749                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             932685.936448                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            593401.775432                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               75749    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value              149000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value             5290000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                   75749                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         7064                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.106880                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.308982                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             6309     89.31%     89.31% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              755     10.69%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         7064                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         7064                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            7064    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         7064                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean            10.435872                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean           10.267678                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            1.869786                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-1                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2-3                     1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-5                    10      0.14%      0.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6-7                   333      4.71%      4.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-9                  1815     25.69%     30.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10-11                2996     42.41%     72.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-13                1619     22.92%     95.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14-15                 236      3.34%     99.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-17                  33      0.47%     99.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18-19                  13      0.18%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-21                   2      0.03%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::22-23                   5      0.07%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-25                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.284824                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.672779                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                   5525     78.21%     78.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                   1271     17.99%     96.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    174      2.46%     98.67% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                     38      0.54%     99.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                     25      0.35%     99.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                     16      0.23%     99.79% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                      8      0.11%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      5      0.07%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      2      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       295169                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271       295169    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total         295169                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         7845                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.967495                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.819112                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      2.879014                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         7844     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          7845                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           7064                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      1069470441.676104                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     1053945376.406311                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     182449222.161820                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            5      0.07%      0.07% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08           89      1.26%      1.33% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08          363      5.14%      6.47% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08         1112     15.74%     22.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09         1874     26.53%     48.74% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09         2277     32.23%     80.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09          955     13.52%     94.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09          282      3.99%     98.49% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09           62      0.88%     99.36% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09           19      0.27%     99.63% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09           11      0.16%     99.79% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            6      0.08%     99.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            2      0.03%     99.90% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            4      0.06%     99.96% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            2      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%     99.99% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             7064                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         1069554319.717251      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                   75563264                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          7064                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     28397734.994337                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    48239848.107727                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-3.35544e+07         5360     75.88%     75.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07         1110     15.71%     91.59% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08          309      4.37%     95.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08          118      1.67%     97.64% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08           17      0.24%     97.88% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08           20      0.28%     98.16% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08           33      0.47%     98.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08           16      0.23%     98.85% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08           15      0.21%     99.07% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08           26      0.37%     99.43% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08           13      0.18%     99.62% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            5      0.07%     99.69% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08           13      0.18%     99.87% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            5      0.07%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            1      0.01%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%     99.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            3      0.04%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            7064                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        28422999.237077      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 2008065                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples           295169                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        108896.034136                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       107638.182512                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       19864.156849                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-32767                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-65535          333      0.11%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-98303          121      0.04%      0.15% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-131071       273041     92.50%     92.66% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-163839        10349      3.51%     96.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-196607         8196      2.78%     98.94% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-229375          346      0.12%     99.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-262143         2688      0.91%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-294911           75      0.03%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-327679           18      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total             295169                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20500                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20500.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples               295169                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            239353.256948                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           286568.957330                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                  2612      0.88%      0.88% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000              2905      0.98%      1.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000             3299      1.12%      2.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000             4447      1.51%      4.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000             4405      1.49%      5.99% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000             3703      1.25%      7.24% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000             3122      1.06%      8.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000             2961      1.00%      9.30% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000             2662      0.90%     10.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000             3031      1.03%     11.23% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000             2776      0.94%     12.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000             2785      0.94%     13.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000             3079      1.04%     14.16% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000             3171      1.07%     15.23% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000             2861      0.97%     16.20% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000             2864      0.97%     17.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000             2977      1.01%     18.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000             2921      0.99%     19.17% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000             3081      1.04%     20.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            2930      0.99%     21.21% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows             232577     78.79%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value            4577500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                 295169                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples               7845                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          9005646.908859                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         11514952.673598                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             28      0.36%      0.36% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000              5      0.06%      0.42% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000              9      0.11%      0.54% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000              7      0.09%      0.62% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000              7      0.09%      0.71% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000              3      0.04%      0.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000              6      0.08%      0.83% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             11      0.14%      0.97% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000              5      0.06%      1.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000              8      0.10%      1.13% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000              7      0.09%      1.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000              8      0.10%      1.33% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000              6      0.08%      1.40% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000              8      0.10%      1.50% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000              4      0.05%      1.56% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000              6      0.08%      1.63% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000             9      0.11%      1.75% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows             7708     98.25%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value        140463000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                 7845                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                 303014                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              233155.233752                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             283710.152860                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                    2701      0.89%      0.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                2980      0.98%      1.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000               3405      1.12%      3.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000               4845      1.60%      4.60% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000               4544      1.50%      6.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000               4012      1.32%      7.42% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000               3276      1.08%      8.50% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000               3118      1.03%      9.53% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000               2877      0.95%     10.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000               3203      1.06%     11.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000               2965      0.98%     12.52% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000               3101      1.02%     13.54% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000               3286      1.08%     14.62% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000               3451      1.14%     15.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000               3092      1.02%     16.78% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000               3842      1.27%     18.05% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000               3106      1.03%     19.08% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000               3255      1.07%     20.15% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000               5036      1.66%     21.81% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000              3078      1.02%     22.83% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows               233841     77.17%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              4577500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                   303014                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         7064                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.454983                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.593953                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              4220     59.74%     59.74% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              2474     35.02%     94.76% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2               370      5.24%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          7064                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         7064                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             7064    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         7064                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean             41.776189                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean            41.169697                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev             7.127141                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-23                   20      0.28%      0.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-31                  429      6.07%      6.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-39                 2184     30.92%     37.27% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-47                 3091     43.76%     81.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-55                 1174     16.62%     97.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-63                  124      1.76%     99.41% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-71                   24      0.34%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-79                   10      0.14%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-87                    1      0.01%     99.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::88-95                    6      0.08%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-103                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::104-111                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-119                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::120-127                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-135                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::136-143                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-151                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::152-159                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             1.109287                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            1.884369                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                  5360     75.88%     75.88% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                  1419     20.09%     95.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                   118      1.67%     97.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                    37      0.52%     98.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                    33      0.47%     98.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                  31      0.44%     99.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                  26      0.37%     99.43% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                  18      0.25%     99.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                  13      0.18%     99.87% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                   6      0.08%     99.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                   2      0.03%     99.99% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                   1      0.01%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                7064                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8757624                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    397969                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3429009                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       84                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                    15                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 9155593                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                3429093                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         12186633                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                         398053                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     12584686                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    24167023                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         9                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                24167032                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         24167023                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              9                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     24167032                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       141298599                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   24096915                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     24215590                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             19906171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      56960                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2014846                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    19906171                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           35708590                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          12941480                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            97826340                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           12425096                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     12188176                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    8757996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3430180                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles               9766.021931                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              141288832.978069                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.999931                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000069                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          3230728                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 12028617     49.67%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     554      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 8757996     36.16%     85.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3430180     14.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  24217348                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                      19                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2366                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           24197492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs         10227.173288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         48336412                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        48336412                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     24164657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       24164657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     24164657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        24164657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     24164657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       24164657                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    140584325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140584325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    140584325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    140584325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    140584325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    140584325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     24167023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24167023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     24167023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     24167023                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     24167023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     24167023                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 59418.565089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59418.565089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 59418.565089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59418.565089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 59418.565089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59418.565089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    135677675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    135677675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    135677675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    135677675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    135677675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    135677675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 57344.748521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57344.748521                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 57344.748521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57344.748521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 57344.748521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57344.748521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               122                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           386583                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.935665                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           11904592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           386583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            30.794401                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   255.935665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.999749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          245                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.957031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         24760040                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        24760040                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      8367357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8367357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      3422768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3422768                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          148                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          148                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         4398                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4398                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         4863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4863                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data     11790125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        11790125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data     11790273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       11790273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       385058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       385058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data         1246                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1246                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          606                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          606                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          124                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          124                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       386304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        386304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       386342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       386342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  22553896344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22553896344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     68469497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     68469497                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     10709996                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     10709996                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2836000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2836000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  22622365841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22622365841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  22622365841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22622365841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      8752415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8752415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      3424014                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3424014                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          186                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         5004                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5004                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         4987                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4987                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data     12176429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12176429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data     12176615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12176615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.043994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000364                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.204301                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.204301                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.121103                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.121103                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.024865                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.024865                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.031726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031726                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.031728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031728                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 58572.725002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58572.725002                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54951.442215                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54951.442215                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 17673.260726                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17673.260726                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 22870.967742                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22870.967742                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 58561.044776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58561.044776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 58555.284802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58555.284802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        60114                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            60114                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           33                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       385058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       385058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data         1245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          573                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          573                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          123                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       386303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       386303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       386341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       386341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  21783244420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21783244420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     65921999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65921999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3088000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3088000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      6856500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6856500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      2590000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2590000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  21849166419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21849166419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  21852254419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21852254419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       612995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       612995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       394500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       394500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data      1007495                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1007495                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.043994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000364                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.204301                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204301                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.114508                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.114508                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.024664                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024664                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.031725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.031728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 56571.333202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56571.333202                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 52949.396787                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52949.396787                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 81263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81263.157895                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 11965.968586                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11965.968586                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 21056.910569                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21056.910569                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 56559.660212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56559.660212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 56562.090016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56562.090016                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry             11983                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     8753874                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    397753                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    3427948                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       82                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                    17                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 9151627                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                3428030                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         12181822                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                         397835                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     12579657                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    24161641                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                        10                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                24161651                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         24161641                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                             10                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     24161651                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       141298600                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   24091163                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     24211421                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             19904217                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      57370                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2014500                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    19904217                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           35703103                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          12942129                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            97803576                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           12422874                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     12183411                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    8754284                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   3429127                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles               7708.012000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              141290891.988000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.999945                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.000055                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          3229559                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 12029293     49.68%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     547      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 8754284     36.15%     85.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                3429127     14.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  24213252                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       9                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             2570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           24291332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          9451.880156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         48325852                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        48325852                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     24159071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       24159071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     24159071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        24159071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     24159071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       24159071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          2570                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         2570                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    182336804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    182336804                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    182336804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    182336804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    182336804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    182336804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     24161641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     24161641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     24161641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     24161641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     24161641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     24161641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 70948.172763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70948.172763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 70948.172763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70948.172763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 70948.172763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70948.172763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         2570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    177001196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    177001196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    177001196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    177001196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst    177001196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    177001196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 68872.060700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68872.060700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 68872.060700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68872.060700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 68872.060700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68872.060700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               158                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           383456                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.937964                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           11639441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           383456                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            30.354046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   255.937964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.999758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.929688                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         24747279                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        24747279                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      8367050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8367050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      3421342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3421342                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          190                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          190                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         4353                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4353                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         4925                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4925                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data     11788392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        11788392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data     11788582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       11788582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       381512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       381512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data         1547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           50                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           50                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          703                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          703                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          126                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          126                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       383059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        383059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       383109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       383109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  22537730362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22537730362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     74661492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74661492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     14026997                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     14026997                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3083999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3083999                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        30500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  22612391854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22612391854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  22612391854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22612391854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      8748562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8748562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      3422889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3422889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          240                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          240                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         5056                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5056                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         5051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5051                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data     12171451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12171451                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data     12171691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12171691                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.043609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000452                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.208333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.208333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.139043                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.139043                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.024946                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.024946                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.031472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.031475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 59074.761376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59074.761376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 48262.115061                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48262.115061                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 19953.054054                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19953.054054                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 24476.182540                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24476.182540                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 59031.094046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59031.094046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 59023.389829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59023.389829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        60350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            60350                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       381512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       381512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data         1547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           50                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          659                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          659                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          124                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          124                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       383059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       383059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       383109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       383109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  21774153470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21774153470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     71561504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71561504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4351000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4351000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      8791499                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8791499                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2837001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2837001                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  21845714974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21845714974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  21850065974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21850065974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       525998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       525998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       363000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       363000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       888998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       888998                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.043609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000452                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000452                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.208333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.208333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.130340                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130340                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.024550                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024550                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.031472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.031475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 57073.312163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57073.312163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 46258.244344                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46258.244344                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        87020                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        87020                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 13340.666161                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13340.666161                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 22879.040323                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22879.040323                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 57029.635054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57029.635054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 57033.549131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57033.549131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry             11881                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          184.116558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   184.116558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.719205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.719205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.718750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data          157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.613281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.613281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.613281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          184.112867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   184.112867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.719191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.719191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.718750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          199.226203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   199.226203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.778227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.778227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.777344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                                0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 182                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data          182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.710938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.710938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.710938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        2090                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         1                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       1853                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    2091                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   1853                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             3943                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              1                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         3944                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                        9762                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                    9762                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                             9762                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                         9762                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                       141298606                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                       9583                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        11423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                10529                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                        664                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         1123                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       10529                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              18962                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes              7144                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               41810                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               4285                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         4293                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       2171                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      2122                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              141212416.994341                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              86189.005659                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.000610                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.999390                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             1826                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                     7458     63.16%     63.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      51      0.43%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     63.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.05%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     63.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    2171     18.39%     82.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   2122     17.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     11808                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       1                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              234                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs              88913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           379.970085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            19758                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           19758                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           9528                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total            9528                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst         9528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total           9528                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          234                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18008499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18008499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18008499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18008499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     18008499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18008499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total         9762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst         9762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total         9762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 76959.397436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76959.397436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 76959.397436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76959.397436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 76959.397436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76959.397436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17539501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17539501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17539501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17539501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     17539501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17539501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023970                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.023970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023970                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 74955.132479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74955.132479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 74955.132479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74955.132479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 74955.132479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74955.132479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                44                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements               84                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          229.712293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               4183                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               84                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            49.797619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   229.712293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.897314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.897314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          221                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.863281                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             7992                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses            7992                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           1916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         1782                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          1782                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           25                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           25                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           40                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           40                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         3698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            3698                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         3723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           3723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           95                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           23                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            7                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           118                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          123                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          123                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3408500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3408500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       939000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       939000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       212000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       212000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       111000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       111000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4347500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4347500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4347500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4347500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         1805                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           30                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           47                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           46                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           46                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         3846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.047240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012742                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012742                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.148936                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.148936                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.130435                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.130435                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.030922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 35878.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35878.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 40826.086957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40826.086957                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 30285.714286                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30285.714286                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        18500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        18500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 36843.220339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36843.220339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 35345.528455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35345.528455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               43                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           95                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           23                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3218500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3218500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       893000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       893000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       205000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       205000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        99000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        99000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4111500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4111500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4316500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4316500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        64000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        73500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        73500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       137500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       137500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.047240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.012742                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012742                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.042553                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042553                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.130435                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130435                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.030922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 33878.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33878.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 38826.086957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38826.086957                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        41000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        16500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        16500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 34843.220339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34843.220339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 35093.495935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35093.495935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                32                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_kernel 70649300000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -689600217.600000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       875925187.200000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -465206496.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       590901912.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -3519576153.600001
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       4696584422.400002
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -617899622.400000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       643915422.720000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -919780446781.439331
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       997675619942.398926
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -273413236371.840027
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       297390981297.599915
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -2963575125024.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       3213835296720.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.070649
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       423895805.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       141229891.028272
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       39820917.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       64.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       6462113.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       17514451.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       6861429.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       48197661.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       71430655.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       25890753.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       64.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       114994.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       39820917.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       64.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       48338445.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       19.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       48338426.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       5170.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       17502988.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       6848708.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       25168287.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       795889.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       766665.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       2816.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       3397339
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       295169.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       7844.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       308078.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       2060257.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       52194.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       294289.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
