sim_seconds                                  0.035565                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 35564735000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3935213898500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               10077043                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 10621735                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              764277775                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2567044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    46.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   468922739                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     494269410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls01.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls01.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        12032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1166848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1155328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1135616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1108224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_read::total          4595968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        12032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         6400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_inst_read::total        29952                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::writebacks       114432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bytes_written::total        114432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           47                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4329                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_reads::total             17953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::writebacks          447                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.num_writes::total              447                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       338313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     32809130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       158359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     32485213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       179954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     31930956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       136765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     31160755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        28793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_read::total           129228237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       338313                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       158359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       179954                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       136765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        28793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_inst_read::total         842183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::writebacks       3217569                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_write::total            3217569                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::writebacks       3217569                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       338313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     32809130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       158359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     32485213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       179954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     31930956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       136765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     31160755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        28793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.bw_total::total          132445806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls01.readReqs                     17953                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.writeReqs                      447                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls01.readBursts                  143624                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.writeBursts                   3576                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadDRAM              4588576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadWrQ                  7392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWritten                114176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesReadSys               4595968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesWrittenSys             114432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls01.servicedByWrQ                  231                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls01.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls01.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::0           17258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::1           18546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::2           17105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::3           17177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::4           18707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::5           17592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::6           19594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankRdBursts::7           17414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::0             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::1             537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::2             400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::3             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::4             455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::5             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::6             400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.perBankWrBursts::7             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls01.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls01.totGap                 35740264000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.readPktSize::5              143624                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.writePktSize::5               3576                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::0                 17517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::1                 17539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::2                 17562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::3                 17583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::4                 17599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::5                 17616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::6                 17641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::7                 17659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::8                   414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::9                   381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::10                  358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::11                  338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::12                  323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::13                  305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::14                  280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::15                  262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::16                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::18                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::15                  143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::16                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::17                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::18                  146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::19                  147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::20                  147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::21                  148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::22                  148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::23                  152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::24                  152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::25                  152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::26                  152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::27                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::28                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::29                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::30                  151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::31                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::32                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::33                  150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::34                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::35                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::36                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::37                  148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::38                  148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::samples        18712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.322788                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.818612                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.920731                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::32-63          226      1.21%      1.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::64-95           65      0.35%      1.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::96-127           50      0.27%      1.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.04%      1.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::160-191           48      0.26%      2.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::192-223           67      0.36%      2.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::224-255          207      1.11%      3.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18042     96.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.bytesPerActivate::total        18712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::samples          150                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::mean   965.766667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   597.020917                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   827.584992                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           17     11.33%     11.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           20     13.33%     24.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           11      7.33%     32.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            8      5.33%     37.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            8      5.33%     42.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           13      8.67%     51.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           10      6.67%     58.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      2.67%     60.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            6      4.00%     64.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            8      5.33%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            4      2.67%     72.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            8      5.33%     78.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            4      2.67%     80.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            7      4.67%     85.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      1.33%     86.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            3      2.00%     88.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.67%     89.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            3      2.00%     91.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.67%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            3      2.00%     94.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            3      2.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            2      1.33%     97.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.67%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      0.67%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      0.67%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4223            1      0.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.rdPerTurnAround::total          150                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::samples          150                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.786667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.737201                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.407490                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      2.00%      2.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.67%      2.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.67%      3.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.67%      4.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::23              2      1.33%      5.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::24            139     92.67%     98.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::25              2      1.33%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::30              1      0.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.wrPerTurnAround::total          150                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.totQLat                 4275222130                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls01.totMemAccLat            6705733480                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls01.totBusLat                458857600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls01.avgQLat                   29814.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgMemAccLat              46764.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBW                     129.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBW                       3.21                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdBWSys                  129.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrBWSys                    3.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtil                       1.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilRead                   1.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgRdQLen                     8.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.avgWrQLen                    30.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHits                 125280                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHits                  2969                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls01.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls01.writeRowHitRate              83.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls01.avgGap                  1942405.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls01.pageHitRate                  87.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31017175575                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::REF    3124954800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT    1423134432                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::0          16150579.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::1          15903820.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::2              16677360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actEnergy::3          17036006.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::0              10895232                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::1              10728768                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::2              11250600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preEnergy::3          11492544.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::0         90051686.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::1             88468224                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::2         91535308.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.readEnergy::3         93434265.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::0        10195891.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::1        9943326.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::2        10679869.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.writeEnergy::3            10782720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::0      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::1      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::2      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.refreshEnergy::3      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::0      4903954634.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::1      4902797744.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::2      4913972991.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.actBackEnergy::3      4918190644.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::0      52904690544.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::1       52905705360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::2       52895902512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.preBackEnergy::3       52892202816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::0        74361345290.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::1        74358953967.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::2        74365425364.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.totalEnergy::3         74368545720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::0          77.992678                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::1          77.990170                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::2          77.996957                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls01.averagePower::3          78.000230                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.pim_sys.voltage_domain.voltage               1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.clk_domain.clock                   500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_fadd_count            0                       # atomic fadd count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_min_count            0                       # atomic min count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.atomic_inc_count            0                       # atomic inc count
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bytes_written::total            1                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.num_writes::total            1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::system.cpu7.data           28                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_write::total           28                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::system.cpu7.data           28                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.pim_memory.bw_total::total           28                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls06.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls06.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        14848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1186048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1153280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1136384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         9728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1169408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_read::total          4688128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        14848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         9728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_inst_read::total        42752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::writebacks       119296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bytes_written::total        119296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_reads::total             18313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::writebacks          466                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.num_writes::total              466                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       417492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     33348990                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       223142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     32427628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       251935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     31952551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       273529                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     32881111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        35991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_read::total           131819568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       417492                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       223142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       251935                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       273529                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        35991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_inst_read::total        1202090                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::writebacks       3354334                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_write::total            3354334                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::writebacks       3354334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       417492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     33348990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       223142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     32427628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       251935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     31952551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       273529                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     32881111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        35991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.bw_total::total          135173902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls06.readReqs                     18313                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.writeReqs                      466                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls06.readBursts                  146504                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.writeBursts                   3728                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadDRAM              4681696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadWrQ                  6432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWritten                119552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesReadSys               4688128                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesWrittenSys             119296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls06.servicedByWrQ                  201                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls06.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls06.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::0           20088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::1           17018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::2           16624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::3           20347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::4           17568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::5           17634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::6           17192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankRdBursts::7           19832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::0             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::1             439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::2             416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::3             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::4             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::5             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::6             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.perBankWrBursts::7             473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls06.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls06.totGap                 35731954000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.readPktSize::5              146504                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.writePktSize::5               3728                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::0                 17846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::1                 17870                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::2                 17897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::3                 17922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::4                 17938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::5                 17963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::6                 17985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::7                 18002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::8                   436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::9                   411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::10                  385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::11                  360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::12                  344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::13                  320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::14                  298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::15                  281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::16                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::17                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::18                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::19                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::20                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::21                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::22                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::23                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::15                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::16                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::17                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::18                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::19                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::20                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::21                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::22                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::23                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::24                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::25                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::26                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::27                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::28                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::29                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::30                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::31                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::32                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::33                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::34                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::35                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::36                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::37                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::38                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::samples        19068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.796098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.653777                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::stdev    27.564809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::32-63          215      1.13%      1.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::64-95           61      0.32%      1.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::96-127           35      0.18%      1.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.04%      1.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::160-191           35      0.18%      1.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::192-223           59      0.31%      2.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::224-255          208      1.09%      3.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18448     96.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.bytesPerActivate::total        19068                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::samples          156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::mean   949.121795                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   561.747688                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   881.938966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           22     14.10%     14.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           20     12.82%     26.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            6      3.85%     30.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           12      7.69%     38.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            9      5.77%     44.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            6      3.85%     48.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           10      6.41%     54.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           14      8.97%     63.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            7      4.49%     67.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            8      5.13%     73.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            8      5.13%     78.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            3      1.92%     80.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            6      3.85%     83.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            5      3.21%     87.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            2      1.28%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            3      1.92%     90.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            3      1.92%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            2      1.28%     93.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            2      1.28%     94.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            2      1.28%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            2      1.28%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      0.64%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      0.64%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4479            1      0.64%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::5248-5375            1      0.64%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.rdPerTurnAround::total          156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::samples          156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.948718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.937702                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.640513                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.64%      0.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::24            155     99.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.wrPerTurnAround::total          156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.totQLat                 4332943902                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls06.totMemAccLat            6812779752                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls06.totBusLat                468169600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls06.avgQLat                   29616.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgMemAccLat              46566.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBW                     131.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBW                       3.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdBWSys                  131.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrBWSys                    3.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtil                       1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilRead                   1.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgRdQLen                     8.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.avgWrQLen                    31.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHits                 127864                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHits                  3107                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls06.readRowHitRate               87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls06.writeRowHitRate              83.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls06.avgGap                  1902761.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls06.pageHitRate                  87.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30993805084                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::REF    3124954800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT    1446504923                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::0          16515273.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::1              16350768                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::2              16054416                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actEnergy::3          16784409.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::0              11141256                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::1              11030280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::2              10830360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preEnergy::3              11322816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::0         92186764.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::1         90496473.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::2         88364390.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.readEnergy::3         91474406.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::0        10291691.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::1            10285056                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::2        10275102.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.writeEnergy::3        11028648.960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::0      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::1      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::2      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.refreshEnergy::3      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::0      4907391433.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::1      4908884031.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::2      4908260278.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.actBackEnergy::3      4916594352.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::0       52901675808                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::1       52900366512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::2      52900913664.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.preBackEnergy::3       52893603072                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::0        74364608951.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::1        74362819844.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::2        74360104934.400009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.totalEnergy::3        74366214429.119995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::0          77.996101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::1          77.994224                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::2          77.991377                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls06.averagePower::3          77.997785                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls00.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls00.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1190912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1178880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1173760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1200128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_read::total          4782080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        13568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_inst_read::total        33536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::writebacks       148480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bytes_written::total        148480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4605                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4585                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_reads::total             18680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::writebacks          580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.num_writes::total              580                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        50387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       381502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     33485755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        28793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       158359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     33147442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        14396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       223142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     33003479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        35991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       151161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     33744888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        28793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_read::total           134461286                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       381502                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       158359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       223142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       151161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        28793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_inst_read::total         942957                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::writebacks       4174922                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_write::total            4174922                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::writebacks       4174922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        50387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       381502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     33485755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        28793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       158359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     33147442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        14396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       223142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     33003479                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        35991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       151161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     33744888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        28793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.bw_total::total          138636208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls00.readReqs                     18680                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.writeReqs                      580                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls00.readBursts                  149440                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.writeBursts                   4640                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadDRAM              4769984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadWrQ                 12096                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWritten                148480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesReadSys               4782080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesWrittenSys             148480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls00.servicedByWrQ                  378                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls00.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls00.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::0           17804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::1           16243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::2           19243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::3           18104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::4           18666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::5           20472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::6           20234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankRdBursts::7           18296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::0             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::1             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::2             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::3             577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::4             919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::5             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::6             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.perBankWrBursts::7             432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls00.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls00.totGap                 35734452000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.readPktSize::5              149440                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.writePktSize::5               4640                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::0                 18192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::1                 18213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::2                 18235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::3                 18259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::4                 18278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::5                 18294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::6                 18325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::7                 18338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::8                   442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::9                   411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::10                  387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::11                  363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::12                  346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::13                  330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::14                  299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::15                  286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::16                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::17                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::18                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::19                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::20                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::21                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::22                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::23                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::15                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::16                  187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::17                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::18                  188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::19                  189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::20                  190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::21                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::22                  191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::23                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::24                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::25                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::26                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::27                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::28                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::29                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::30                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::31                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::32                  197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::33                  196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::34                  195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::35                  194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::36                  193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::37                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::38                  192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::samples        19591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.057322                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.217162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.827736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::32-63          261      1.33%      1.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::64-95           68      0.35%      1.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::96-127           46      0.23%      1.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::128-159           11      0.06%      1.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::160-191           46      0.23%      2.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::192-223           66      0.34%      2.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::224-255          247      1.26%      3.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18846     96.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.bytesPerActivate::total        19591                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::mean   763.377551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   472.788802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   648.664134                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           14      7.14%      7.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           14      7.14%     14.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           14      7.14%     21.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      4.08%     25.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      3.06%     28.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      3.06%     31.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::384-447           11      5.61%     37.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            8      4.08%     41.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           12      6.12%     47.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            5      2.55%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            7      3.57%     53.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           10      5.10%     58.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      3.57%     62.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::832-895           12      6.12%     68.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      3.06%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.55%     73.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            3      1.53%     75.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      2.55%     78.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            7      3.57%     81.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.51%     82.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      1.02%     83.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            6      3.06%     86.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.51%     86.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.51%     87.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            2      1.02%     88.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            1      0.51%     88.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.51%     89.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            3      1.53%     90.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            4      2.04%     92.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      1.02%     93.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      1.02%     94.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            2      1.02%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            3      1.53%     97.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            2      1.02%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.51%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::3776-3839            1      0.51%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.rdPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::samples          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.673469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.622819                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.401651                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::16              4      2.04%      2.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      1.02%      3.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.51%      3.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      1.02%      4.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.51%      5.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      1.02%      6.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.51%      6.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::24            182     92.86%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.wrPerTurnAround::total          196                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.totQLat                 4412645384                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls00.totMemAccLat            6939246284                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls00.totBusLat                476998400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls00.avgQLat                   29602.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgMemAccLat              46552.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBW                     134.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBW                       4.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdBWSys                  134.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrBWSys                    4.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtil                       1.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilRead                   1.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgRdQLen                     8.15                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.avgWrQLen                    30.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHits                 130251                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHits                  3860                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls00.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls00.writeRowHitRate              83.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls00.avgGap                  1855371.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls00.pageHitRate                  87.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30946281854                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::REF    3124954800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT    1494028153                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::0          15796166.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::1          17316633.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::2          17256758.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actEnergy::3          18447609.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::0          10656144.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::1              11681856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::2          11641464.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preEnergy::3              12444816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::0         87410918.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::1         95842406.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::2         94716710.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.readEnergy::3         101105971.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::0            10450944                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::1        10912527.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::2        11181680.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.writeEnergy::3        11685150.720000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::0      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::1      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::2      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.refreshEnergy::3      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::0      4901212013.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::1      4917475071.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::2      4917877099.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.actBackEnergy::3      4929089446.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::0       52907096352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::1       52892830512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::2       52892477856                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.preBackEnergy::3      52882642464.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::0        74358029261.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::1        74371465729.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::2        74370558291.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.totalEnergy::3        74380822180.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::0          77.989200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::1          78.003292                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::2          78.002341                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls00.averagePower::3          78.013106                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls14.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls14.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        14848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1160448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1120256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1138944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1093888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_read::total          4547584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        14848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_inst_read::total        33792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::writebacks       128512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bytes_written::total        128512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           58                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_reads::total             17764                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::writebacks          502                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.num_writes::total              502                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       417492                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     32629176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       151161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     31499068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       187152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     32024532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       172755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     30757659                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        21594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_read::total           127867788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       417492                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       151161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       187152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       172755                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        21594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_inst_read::total         950155                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::writebacks       3613467                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_write::total            3613467                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::writebacks       3613467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       417492                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     32629176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       151161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     31499068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       187152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     32024532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       172755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     30757659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        21594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.bw_total::total          131481255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls14.readReqs                     17764                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.writeReqs                      502                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls14.readBursts                  142112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.writeBursts                   4016                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadDRAM              4542176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadWrQ                  5408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWritten                128512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesReadSys               4547584                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesWrittenSys             128512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls14.servicedByWrQ                  169                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls14.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls14.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::0           17640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::1           17288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::2           19265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::3           17168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::4           16953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::5           18985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::6           17250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankRdBursts::7           17394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::0             407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::1             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::2             561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::3             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::4             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::5             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::6             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.perBankWrBursts::7             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls14.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls14.totGap                 35731899000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.readPktSize::5              142112                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.writePktSize::5               4016                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::0                 17324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::1                 17346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::2                 17377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::3                 17411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::4                 17430                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::5                 17452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::6                 17475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::7                 17486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::8                   412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::9                   383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::10                  352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::11                  318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::12                  299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::13                  278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::14                  255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::15                  244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::16                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::17                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::18                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::19                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::20                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::21                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::22                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::23                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::24                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::25                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::26                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::27                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::28                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::29                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::30                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::31                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::15                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::16                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::17                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::18                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::19                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::20                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::21                  168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::22                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::23                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::24                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::25                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::26                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::27                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::28                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::29                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::30                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::31                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::32                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::33                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::34                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::35                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::36                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::37                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::38                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::samples        18574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.463767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.170814                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.357855                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::32-63          208      1.12%      1.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::64-95           71      0.38%      1.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::96-127           46      0.25%      1.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::128-159           10      0.05%      1.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::160-191           46      0.25%      2.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::192-223           72      0.39%      2.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::224-255          199      1.07%      3.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::256-287        17922     96.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.bytesPerActivate::total        18574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::samples          169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::mean   838.289941                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   528.299296                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   669.517349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            9      5.33%      5.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           16      9.47%     14.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      7.10%     21.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      2.37%     24.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      3.55%     27.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            8      4.73%     32.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            6      3.55%     36.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            7      4.14%     40.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            5      2.96%     43.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            9      5.33%     48.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            4      2.37%     50.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            5      2.96%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      2.37%     56.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            9      5.33%     61.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.96%     64.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      2.37%     66.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            8      4.73%     71.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      2.37%     73.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            6      3.55%     77.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.78%     79.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.18%     80.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            5      2.96%     83.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      2.37%     85.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.78%     87.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            3      1.78%     89.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            3      1.78%     91.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.59%     91.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.59%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            3      1.78%     94.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.59%     94.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            3      1.78%     96.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.59%     97.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.59%     97.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.59%     98.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.59%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.59%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4031            1      0.59%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.rdPerTurnAround::total          169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::samples          169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.763314                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.736810                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.042355                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.59%      0.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.59%      1.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::19              3      1.78%      2.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::21              3      1.78%      4.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.59%      5.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.59%      5.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::24            159     94.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.wrPerTurnAround::total          169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.totQLat                 4224321926                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls14.totMemAccLat            6630255776                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls14.totBusLat                454217600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls14.avgQLat                   29760.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgMemAccLat              46710.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBW                     127.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBW                       3.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdBWSys                  127.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrBWSys                    3.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtil                       1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilRead                   1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgRdQLen                     8.15                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.avgWrQLen                    30.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHits                 124043                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHits                  3342                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls14.readRowHitRate               87.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls14.writeRowHitRate              83.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls14.avgGap                  1956197.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls14.pageHitRate                  87.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31024428109                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::REF    3124954800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT    1415881898                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::0          15878419.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::1          16304198.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::2          16229203.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actEnergy::3              15431472                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::0              10711632                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::1          10998864.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::2              10948272                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preEnergy::3              10410120                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::0         88211635.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::1             90232896                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::2         89029324.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.readEnergy::3         83598028.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::0        10208747.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::1        10484536.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::2        10470850.560000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.writeEnergy::3        10321551.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::0      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::1      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::2      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.refreshEnergy::3      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::0      4901138305.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::1      4907450640.960000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::2      4909482175.680000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.actBackEnergy::3      4906369866.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::0       52907161008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::1       52901623872                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::2      52899841824.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.preBackEnergy::3       52902571920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::0        74358716471.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::1        74362501730.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::2        74361408373.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.totalEnergy::3        74354109681.599991                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::0          77.989920                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::1          77.993891                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::2          77.992744                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls14.averagePower::3          77.985089                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls03.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls03.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        11520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1177600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1178112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1168384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1212416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_read::total          4759808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        11520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         2304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         2560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_inst_read::total        23040                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::writebacks       121600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bytes_written::total        121600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4602                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_reads::total             18593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::writebacks          475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.num_writes::total              475                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       323916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     33111452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        64783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     33125848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       151161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     32852318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        71981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     34090399                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        35991                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_read::total           133835048                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       323916                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        64783                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       151161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        71981                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        35991                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_inst_read::total         647833                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::writebacks       3419117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_write::total            3419117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::writebacks       3419117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       323916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     33111452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        64783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     33125848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       151161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     32852318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        71981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     34090399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        35991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.bw_total::total          137254165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls03.readReqs                     18593                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.writeReqs                      475                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls03.readBursts                  148744                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.writeBursts                   3800                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadDRAM              4754464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadWrQ                  5344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWritten                121344                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesReadSys               4759808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesWrittenSys             121600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls03.servicedByWrQ                  167                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls03.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls03.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            2                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::0           19776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::1           18596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::2           17570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::3           17872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::4           17400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::5           18026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::6           21809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankRdBursts::7           17528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::0             496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::1             343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::2             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::3             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::4             536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::5             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::6             529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.perBankWrBursts::7             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls03.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls03.totGap                 35742289000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.readPktSize::5              148744                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.writePktSize::5               3800                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::0                 18117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::1                 18142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::2                 18158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::3                 18180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::4                 18196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::5                 18221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::6                 18244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::7                 18261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::8                   448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::9                   421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::10                  406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::11                  385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::12                  368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::13                  345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::14                  323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::15                  307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::16                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::17                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::18                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::19                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::20                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::21                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::22                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::23                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::15                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::16                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::17                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::18                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::19                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::20                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::21                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::22                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::23                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::24                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::25                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::26                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::27                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::28                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::29                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::30                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::31                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::32                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::33                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::34                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::35                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::36                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::37                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::38                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::samples        19400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.330309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.906400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.776794                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::32-63          226      1.16%      1.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::64-95           71      0.37%      1.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::96-127           52      0.27%      1.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::128-159           12      0.06%      1.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::160-191           54      0.28%      2.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::192-223           70      0.36%      2.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::224-255          213      1.10%      3.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18702     96.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.bytesPerActivate::total        19400                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::samples          159                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::mean   931.874214                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   593.541275                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   741.641634                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            4      2.52%      2.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           16     10.06%     12.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           11      6.92%     19.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      4.40%     23.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      2.52%     26.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      3.77%     30.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            3      1.89%     32.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.63%     32.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            6      3.77%     36.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            3      1.89%     38.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            5      3.14%     41.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      5.03%     46.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           10      6.29%     52.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            6      3.77%     56.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            8      5.03%     61.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      3.14%     64.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      2.52%     67.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.63%     67.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            3      1.89%     69.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.89%     71.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            5      3.14%     74.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            5      3.14%     77.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.63%     78.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.89%     80.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.26%     81.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            5      3.14%     84.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.63%     85.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.26%     86.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.63%     87.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.26%     88.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            2      1.26%     89.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            2      1.26%     91.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            2      1.26%     92.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            2      1.26%     93.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.63%     94.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            3      1.89%     96.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            2      1.26%     97.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            3      1.89%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.63%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.rdPerTurnAround::total          159                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::samples          159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.849057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.805193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.346297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.89%      1.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.63%      2.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.63%      3.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::24            153     96.23%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.63%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.wrPerTurnAround::total          159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.totQLat                 4419374758                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls03.totMemAccLat            6937754908                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls03.totBusLat                475446400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls03.avgQLat                   29744.68                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgMemAccLat              46694.68                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBW                     133.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBW                       3.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdBWSys                  133.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrBWSys                    3.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtil                       1.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilRead                   1.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgRdQLen                     8.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.avgWrQLen                    30.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHits                 129820                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHits                  3149                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls03.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls03.writeRowHitRate              82.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls03.avgGap                  1874464.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls03.pageHitRate                  87.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30969350154                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::REF    3124954800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT    1470959853                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::0          16950729.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::1          16090099.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::2          16400361.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actEnergy::3          17410377.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::0              11435016                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::1              10854432                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::2              11063736                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preEnergy::3              11745096                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::0             95037696                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::1         88843622.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::2         90224908.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.readEnergy::3         96109478.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::0        10324869.120000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::1        10301644.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::2        10338140.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.writeEnergy::3            10637568                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::0      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::1      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::2      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.refreshEnergy::3      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::0        4909466088                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::1      4905981244.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::2      4911041969.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.actBackEnergy::3      4920595588.800000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::0       52899855936                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::1       52902912816                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::2      52898473584.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.preBackEnergy::3       52890093216                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::0        74368477057.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::1        74360390582.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::2        74362949423.040009                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.totalEnergy::3         74371998048                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::0          78.000158                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::1          77.991676                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::2          77.994360                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls03.averagePower::3          78.003851                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls13.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls13.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        16384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1173504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1190400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         6144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1170944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         7936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1202432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_read::total          4775936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         6144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         7936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_inst_read::total        38400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::writebacks       136192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bytes_written::total        136192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4697                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_reads::total             18656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::writebacks          532                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.num_writes::total              532                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       460681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     32996281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       194350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     33471359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       172755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     32924300                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       223142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     33809671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        28793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_read::total           134288530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       460681                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       194350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       172755                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       223142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        28793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_inst_read::total        1079721                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::writebacks       3829411                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_write::total            3829411                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::writebacks       3829411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       460681                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     32996281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       194350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     33471359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       172755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     32924300                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       223142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     33809671                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        28793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.bw_total::total          138117942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls13.readReqs                     18656                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.writeReqs                      532                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls13.readBursts                  149248                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.writeBursts                   4256                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadDRAM              4767936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadWrQ                  8000                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWritten                135936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesReadSys               4775936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesWrittenSys             136192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls13.servicedByWrQ                  250                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls13.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls13.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::0           19168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::1           19129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::2           19352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::3           19089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::4           20866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::5           16758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::6           18603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankRdBursts::7           16033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::0             336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::1             640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::2             440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::3             640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::4             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::5             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::6             495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.perBankWrBursts::7             665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls13.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls13.totGap                 35723844000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.readPktSize::5              149248                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.writePktSize::5               4256                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::0                 18194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::1                 18212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::2                 18232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::3                 18252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::4                 18265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::5                 18287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::6                 18320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::7                 18336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::8                   424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::9                   397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::10                  377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::11                  357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::12                  344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::13                  323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::14                  290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::15                  274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::16                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::17                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::18                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::19                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::20                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::21                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::22                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::23                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::24                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::25                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::26                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::27                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::28                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::29                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::30                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::31                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::32                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::33                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::34                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::35                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::36                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::37                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::38                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::15                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::16                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::17                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::18                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::19                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::20                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::21                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::22                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::23                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::24                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::25                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::26                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::27                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::28                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::29                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::30                  180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::31                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::32                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::33                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::34                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::35                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::36                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::37                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::38                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::samples        19522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.197213                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.549490                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.341543                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::32-63          244      1.25%      1.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::64-95           72      0.37%      1.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::96-127           52      0.27%      1.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::160-191           51      0.26%      2.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::192-223           72      0.37%      2.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::224-255          225      1.15%      3.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18804     96.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.bytesPerActivate::total        19522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::samples          179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::mean   834.134078                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   533.624670                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   703.622875                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           28     15.64%     15.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           13      7.26%     22.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           15      8.38%     31.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           18     10.06%     41.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            8      4.47%     45.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           16      8.94%     54.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           11      6.15%     60.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            9      5.03%     65.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            8      4.47%     70.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279           13      7.26%     77.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            7      3.91%     81.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            8      4.47%     86.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            6      3.35%     89.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            6      3.35%     92.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            3      1.68%     94.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            5      2.79%     97.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      1.12%     98.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.56%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3455            1      0.56%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::4864-4991            1      0.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.rdPerTurnAround::total          179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::samples          179                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.731844                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.688883                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.287643                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.68%      1.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.56%      2.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.56%      2.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      1.12%      3.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.56%      4.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.56%      5.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::24            170     94.97%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.wrPerTurnAround::total          179                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.totQLat                 4469339212                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls13.totMemAccLat            6994855312                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls13.totBusLat                476793600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls13.avgQLat                   29995.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgMemAccLat              46945.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBW                     134.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBW                       3.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdBWSys                  134.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrBWSys                    3.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtil                       1.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilRead                   1.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgRdQLen                     8.15                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.avgWrQLen                    31.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHits                 130186                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHits                  3538                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls13.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls13.writeRowHitRate              83.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls13.avgGap                  1861780.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls13.pageHitRate                  87.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30955051975                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::REF    3124954800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT    1485258032                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::0          16514668.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::1          17611171.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::2          17115235.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actEnergy::3          16017523.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::0              11140848                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::1              11880552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::2              11545992                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preEnergy::3              10805472                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::0         92260147.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::1             98644416                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::2         94676774.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.readEnergy::3             86758464                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::0        10278420.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::1        10397859.840000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::2        10567065.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.writeEnergy::3        10922480.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::0      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::1      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::2      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.refreshEnergy::3      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::0      4906191971.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::1      4917678137.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::2      4915850325.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.actBackEnergy::3      4910323331.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::0       52902727968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::1      52892652384.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::2       52894255728                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.preBackEnergy::3       52899103968                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::0        74364520747.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::1        74374271243.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::2        74369417843.520004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.totalEnergy::3        74359337962.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::0          77.996008                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::1          78.006235                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::2          78.001144                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls13.averagePower::3          77.990572                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.vram.atomic_fadd_count              0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.vram.atomic_min_count               0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.vram.atomic_inc_count               0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls10.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls10.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1235968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1207552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         7168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1238272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1223424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_read::total          4937472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        12288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_inst_read::total        31744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::writebacks       130560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bytes_written::total        130560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4828                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4717                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_reads::total             19287                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::writebacks          510                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.num_writes::total              510                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       345511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     34752628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       194350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     33953634                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.itb.walker         7198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       201548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     34817411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       122368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     34399919                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        28793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_read::total           138830558                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       345511                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       194350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       201548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       122368                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        28793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_inst_read::total         892570                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::writebacks       3671052                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_write::total            3671052                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::writebacks       3671052                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       345511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     34752628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       194350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     33953634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.itb.walker         7198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       201548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     34817411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       122368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     34399919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        28793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.bw_total::total          142501610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls10.readReqs                     19287                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.writeReqs                      510                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls10.readBursts                  154296                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.writeBursts                   4080                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadDRAM              4930176                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadWrQ                  7296                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWritten                130816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesReadSys               4937472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesWrittenSys             130560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls10.servicedByWrQ                  228                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls10.mergedWrBursts                   8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls10.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::0           21795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::1           19496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::2           19689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::3           18913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::4           19217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::5           17290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::6           18625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankRdBursts::7           19043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::0             617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::1             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::2             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::3             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::4             455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::5             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::6             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.perBankWrBursts::7             664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls10.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls10.totGap                 35736864000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.readPktSize::5              154296                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.writePktSize::5               4080                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::0                 18796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::1                 18820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::2                 18835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::3                 18867                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::4                 18880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::5                 18902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::6                 18935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::7                 18964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::8                   465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::9                   432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::10                  419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::11                  386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::12                  373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::13                  351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::14                  318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::15                  289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::16                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::17                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::18                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::19                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::20                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::21                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::22                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::23                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::15                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::16                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::17                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::18                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::19                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::20                  167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::21                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::22                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::23                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::24                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::25                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::26                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::27                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::28                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::29                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::30                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::31                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::32                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::33                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::34                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::35                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::36                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::37                  168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::38                  168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::samples        20145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.228196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.775929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.007011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::32-63          230      1.14%      1.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::64-95           83      0.41%      1.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::96-127           60      0.30%      1.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::128-159           11      0.05%      1.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::160-191           58      0.29%      2.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::192-223           83      0.41%      2.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::224-255          212      1.05%      3.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::256-287        19408     96.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.bytesPerActivate::total        20145                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::samples          173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::mean   893.433526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   560.358253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   784.157489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            6      3.47%      3.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           18     10.40%     13.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      4.05%     17.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      2.31%     20.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      2.89%     23.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           13      7.51%     30.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            3      1.73%     32.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            6      3.47%     35.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::512-575           12      6.94%     42.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            7      4.05%     46.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            4      2.31%     49.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      4.62%     53.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            9      5.20%     58.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      2.31%     61.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      2.31%     63.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.89%     66.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            7      4.05%     70.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            5      2.89%     73.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            2      1.16%     74.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            4      2.31%     76.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.73%     78.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.16%     79.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      2.31%     82.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.73%     83.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.73%     85.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1      0.58%     86.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            1      0.58%     86.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.16%     87.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.58%     88.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.58%     89.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            3      1.73%     90.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            3      1.73%     92.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            2      1.16%     93.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            2      1.16%     94.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.58%     95.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.58%     95.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.58%     96.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.58%     97.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            1      0.58%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3135            1      0.58%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::3520-3583            1      0.58%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3775            1      0.58%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::3776-3839            1      0.58%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.rdPerTurnAround::total          173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::samples          173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.630058                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.576974                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.443356                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.73%      1.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::18              3      1.73%      3.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      1.16%      4.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      1.16%      5.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::22              3      1.73%      7.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.58%      8.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::24            158     91.33%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.58%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.wrPerTurnAround::total          173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.totQLat                 4572900792                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls10.totMemAccLat            7184353392                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls10.totBusLat                493017600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls10.avgQLat                   29681.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgMemAccLat              46631.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBW                     138.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBW                       3.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdBWSys                  138.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrBWSys                    3.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtil                       1.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilRead                   1.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgRdQLen                     8.15                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.avgWrQLen                    31.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHits                 134611                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHits                  3400                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls10.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls10.writeRowHitRate              83.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls10.avgGap                  1805165.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls10.pageHitRate                  87.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30909158979                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::REF    3124954800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT    1531151028                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::0              17384976                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::1              16441488                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::2          16170537.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actEnergy::3          16635628.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::0              11727960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::1              11091480                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::2              10908696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preEnergy::3              11222448                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::0             97491264                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::1             91705536                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::2         89402726.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.readEnergy::3         91576243.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::0        10560844.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::1        10006364.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::2        10079354.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.writeEnergy::3        10391224.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::0      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::1      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::2      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.refreshEnergy::3      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::0      4913586449.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::1      4907655403.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::2      4908059017.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.actBackEnergy::3      4913684507.520000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::0      52896241584.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::1       52901444256                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::2       52901090208                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.preBackEnergy::3       52896155568                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::0        74372399801.279999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::1        74363751250.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::2         74361117264                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.totalEnergy::3        74365072343.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::0          78.004272                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::1          77.995201                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::2          77.992439                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls10.averagePower::3          77.996587                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls12.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls12.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        14592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1142016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1192960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1155840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1146368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_read::total          4674048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        14592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst          768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_inst_read::total        35584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::writebacks       132608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bytes_written::total        132608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           57                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4515                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_reads::total             18258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::writebacks          518                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.num_writes::total              518                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       410294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     32110910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       151161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     33543340                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         7198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       230341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     32499610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        14396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       187152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     32233278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         7198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        21594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_read::total           131423670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       410294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       151161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       230341                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       187152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        21594                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_inst_read::total        1000542                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::writebacks       3728637                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_write::total            3728637                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::writebacks       3728637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       410294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     32110910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       151161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     33543340                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         7198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       230341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     32499610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        14396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       187152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     32233278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         7198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        21594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.bw_total::total          135152307                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls12.readReqs                     18258                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.writeReqs                      518                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls12.readBursts                  146064                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.writeBursts                   4144                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadDRAM              4669280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadWrQ                  4768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWritten                132096                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesReadSys               4674048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesWrittenSys             132608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls12.servicedByWrQ                  149                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls12.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls12.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           20                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::0           18496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::1           17064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::2           18241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::3           17129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::4           18761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::5           20024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::6           17248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankRdBursts::7           18952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::0             360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::1             608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::2             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::3             551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::4             537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::5             576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::6             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.perBankWrBursts::7             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls12.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls12.totGap                 35725417000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.readPktSize::5              146064                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.writePktSize::5               4144                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::0                 17798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::1                 17823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::2                 17846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::3                 17868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::4                 17881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::5                 17898                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::6                 17924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::7                 17950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::8                   442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::9                   414                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::10                  391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::11                  369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::12                  356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::13                  339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::14                  313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::15                  287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::16                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::17                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::18                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::19                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::20                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::21                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::22                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::23                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::15                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::16                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::17                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::18                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::19                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::20                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::21                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::22                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::23                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::24                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::25                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::26                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::27                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::28                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::29                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::30                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::31                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::32                  173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::33                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::34                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::35                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::36                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::37                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::38                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::samples        19108                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.275696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.757475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.000141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::32-63          229      1.20%      1.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::64-95           73      0.38%      1.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::96-127           50      0.26%      1.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::128-159            3      0.02%      1.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::160-191           49      0.26%      2.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::192-223           75      0.39%      2.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::224-255          221      1.16%      3.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18408     96.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.bytesPerActivate::total        19108                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::samples          173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::mean   842.190751                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   549.780828                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   706.047518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            2      1.16%      1.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           19     10.98%     12.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           14      8.09%     20.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            8      4.62%     24.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      2.89%     27.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      3.47%     31.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      4.05%     35.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      2.31%     37.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            5      2.89%     40.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::576-639           12      6.94%     47.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            6      3.47%     50.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            9      5.20%     56.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            7      4.05%     60.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      2.31%     62.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      2.31%     64.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.89%     67.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            5      2.89%     70.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            4      2.31%     72.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            7      4.05%     76.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            2      1.16%     78.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      1.16%     79.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            3      1.73%     80.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            3      1.73%     82.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            3      1.73%     84.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.58%     84.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.16%     86.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.16%     87.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            3      1.73%     89.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            3      1.73%     90.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.58%     91.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            4      2.31%     93.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.58%     94.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            2      1.16%     95.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2240-2303            1      0.58%     95.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.58%     96.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.58%     97.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.58%     97.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.58%     98.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3263            1      0.58%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::3264-3327            1      0.58%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::3392-3455            1      0.58%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.rdPerTurnAround::total          173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::samples          173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.861272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.840323                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.904352                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.58%      0.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::18              2      1.16%      1.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::22              2      1.16%      2.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::24            168     97.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.wrPerTurnAround::total          173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.totQLat                 4339357554                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls12.totMemAccLat            6812616804                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls12.totBusLat                466928000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls12.avgQLat                   29738.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgMemAccLat              46688.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBW                     131.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBW                       3.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdBWSys                  131.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrBWSys                    3.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtil                       1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilRead                   1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgRdQLen                     8.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.avgWrQLen                    30.53                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHits                 127502                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHits                  3433                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls12.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls12.writeRowHitRate              82.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls12.avgGap                  1902717.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls12.pageHitRate                  87.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30982691391                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::REF    3124954800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT    1457618616                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::0          15841526.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::1          16094937.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::2          17948044.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actEnergy::3          16960406.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::0          10686744.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::1              10857696                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::2              12107808                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preEnergy::3          11441544.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::0         88097318.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::1         89118681.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::2         99776601.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.readEnergy::3             93575040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::0        10145710.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::1        10122485.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::2        10932433.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.writeEnergy::3        10427719.680000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::0      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::1      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::2      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.refreshEnergy::3      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::0      4901776341.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::1      4905611611.200000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::2      4923011586.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.actBackEnergy::3      4917492089.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::0       52906601328                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::1       52903237056                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::2       52887973920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.preBackEnergy::3      52892815584.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::0        74358555691.199997                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::1        74360449191.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::2        74377157117.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.totalEnergy::3        74368119106.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::0          77.989752                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::1          77.991738                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::2          78.009262                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls12.averagePower::3          77.999782                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls07.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls07.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1199360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1209344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1214720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1190400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_read::total          4847616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        13056                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_inst_read::total        33280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::writebacks       134656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bytes_written::total        134656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           51                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4685                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           19                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4724                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_reads::total             18936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::writebacks          526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.num_writes::total              526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       367105                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     33723294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       136765                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     34004021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       208746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     34155182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       165557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     33471359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        57585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        14396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_read::total           136304010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       367105                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       136765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       208746                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       165557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        57585                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_inst_read::total         935758                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::writebacks       3786223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_write::total            3786223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::writebacks       3786223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       367105                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     33723294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       136765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     34004021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       208746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     34155182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       165557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     33471359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        57585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        14396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.bw_total::total          140090233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls07.readReqs                     18936                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.writeReqs                      526                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls07.readBursts                  151488                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.writeBursts                   4208                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadDRAM              4840480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadWrQ                  7136                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWritten                134176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesReadSys               4847616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesWrittenSys             134656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls07.servicedByWrQ                  223                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls07.mergedWrBursts                   7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls07.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::0           18828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::1           17240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::2           21273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::3           20200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::4           19705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::5           19104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::6           17377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankRdBursts::7           17538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::0             649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::1             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::2             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::3             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::4             481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::5             439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::6             680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.perBankWrBursts::7             440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls07.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls07.totGap                 35721180000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.readPktSize::5              151488                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.writePktSize::5               4208                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::0                 18446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::1                 18466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::2                 18486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::3                 18525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::4                 18547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::5                 18564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::6                 18584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::7                 18603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::8                   452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::9                   424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::10                  405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::11                  366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::12                  344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::13                  327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::14                  307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::15                  288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::16                   16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::17                   15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::18                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::19                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::20                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::21                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::22                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::23                   14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::24                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::25                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::26                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::27                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::28                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::29                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::30                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::31                    2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::15                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::16                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::17                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::18                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::19                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::20                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::21                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::22                  170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::23                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::24                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::25                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::26                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::27                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::28                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::29                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::30                  179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::31                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::32                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::33                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::34                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::35                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::36                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::37                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::38                  176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::samples        19801                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.232564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.655529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.160928                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::32-63          242      1.22%      1.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::64-95           74      0.37%      1.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::96-127           52      0.26%      1.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.02%      1.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::160-191           52      0.26%      2.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::192-223           74      0.37%      2.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::224-255          232      1.17%      3.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::256-287        19071     96.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.bytesPerActivate::total        19801                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::samples          177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::mean   859.525424                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   553.042733                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   709.399939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            6      3.39%      3.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           17      9.60%     12.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            9      5.08%     18.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           10      5.65%     23.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      2.82%     26.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      3.95%     30.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            8      4.52%     35.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            6      3.39%     38.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            2      1.13%     39.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            6      3.39%     42.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            8      4.52%     47.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::704-767           10      5.65%     53.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      3.39%     56.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            9      5.08%     61.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      2.26%     63.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      2.82%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.56%     67.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            3      1.69%     68.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            4      2.26%     71.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            9      5.08%     76.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            2      1.13%     77.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            5      2.82%     80.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            5      2.82%     83.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            6      3.39%     86.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            3      1.69%     88.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.13%     89.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      1.13%     90.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.13%     91.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.56%     92.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            1      0.56%     92.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            3      1.69%     94.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.56%     94.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            2      1.13%     96.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.56%     96.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.56%     97.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2751            1      0.56%     97.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2752-2815            1      0.56%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.56%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3647            1      0.56%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::3776-3839            1      0.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.rdPerTurnAround::total          177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::samples          177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.689266                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.615707                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.708783                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::16              6      3.39%      3.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.56%      3.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.56%      4.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.56%      5.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::24            167     94.35%     99.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.56%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.wrPerTurnAround::total          177                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.totQLat                 4508912992                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls07.totMemAccLat            7072854742                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls07.totBusLat                484048000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls07.avgQLat                   29808.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgMemAccLat              46758.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBW                     136.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBW                       3.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdBWSys                  136.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrBWSys                    3.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtil                       1.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilRead                   1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgRdQLen                     8.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.avgWrQLen                    30.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHits                 132168                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHits                  3489                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls07.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls07.writeRowHitRate              83.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls07.avgGap                  1835432.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls07.pageHitRate                  87.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30934475405                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::REF    3124954800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT    1505834602                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::0          15964905.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::1          17701286.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::2              17040240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actEnergy::3          16134854.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::0              10769976                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::1          11941344.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::2              11495400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preEnergy::3          10884624.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::0             88101312                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::1         99740659.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::2         94745164.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.readEnergy::3         87670502.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::0        10494489.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::1        10172252.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::2        10265564.160000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.writeEnergy::3        10756177.920000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::0      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::1      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::2      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.refreshEnergy::3      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::0      4903617231.360000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::1      4916661603.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::2      4915323918.719999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.actBackEnergy::3      4910791242.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::0       52904986512                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::1       52893544080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::2       52894717488                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.preBackEnergy::3       52898693520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::0        74359341149.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::1        74375167948.799988                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::2        74368994498.880005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.totalEnergy::3        74360337644.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::0          77.990576                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::1          78.007175                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::2          78.000700                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls07.averagePower::3          77.991621                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls09.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls09.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1184256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         6656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1177344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         9216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1147648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         5888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1136128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_read::total          4680960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        11008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         6656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         9216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         5888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_inst_read::total        34560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::writebacks       124416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bytes_written::total        124416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4626                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4599                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_reads::total             18285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::writebacks          486                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.num_writes::total              486                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       309520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     33298603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       187152                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     33104253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       259133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     32269269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       165557                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     31945353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        50387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        28793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_read::total           131618020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       309520                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       187152                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       259133                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       165557                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        50387                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_inst_read::total         971749                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::writebacks       3498297                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_write::total            3498297                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::writebacks       3498297                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       309520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     33298603                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       187152                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     33104253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       259133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     32269269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       165557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     31945353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        50387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        28793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.bw_total::total          135116317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls09.readReqs                     18285                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.writeReqs                      486                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls09.readBursts                  146280                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.writeBursts                   3888                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadDRAM              4675136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadWrQ                  5824                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWritten                124672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesReadSys               4680960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesWrittenSys             124416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls09.servicedByWrQ                  182                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls09.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls09.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            8                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::0           16145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::1           19072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::2           19705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::3           17281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::4           18209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::5           19153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::6           18036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankRdBursts::7           18497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::0             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::1             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::2             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::3             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::4             440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::5             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::6             696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.perBankWrBursts::7             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls09.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls09.totGap                 35740576000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.readPktSize::5              146280                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.writePktSize::5               3888                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::0                 17823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::1                 17842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::2                 17860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::3                 17881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::4                 17901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::5                 17923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::6                 17945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::7                 17973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::8                   437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::9                   408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::10                  390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::11                  369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::12                  349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::13                  327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::14                  305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::15                  277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::16                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::17                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::18                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::19                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::20                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::21                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::22                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::23                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::24                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::25                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::26                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::27                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::28                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::29                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::30                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::31                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::15                  155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::16                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::17                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::18                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::19                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::20                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::21                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::22                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::23                  166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::24                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::25                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::26                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::27                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::28                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::29                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::30                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::31                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::32                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::33                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::34                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::35                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::36                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::37                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::38                  160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::samples        19122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.009727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.279269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.743094                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::32-63          240      1.26%      1.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::64-95           72      0.38%      1.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::96-127           60      0.31%      1.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::128-159            4      0.02%      1.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::160-191           61      0.32%      2.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::192-223           74      0.39%      2.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::224-255          223      1.17%      3.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18388     96.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.bytesPerActivate::total        19122                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::samples          165                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::mean   884.521212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   569.471890                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   689.670888                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            6      3.64%      3.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           19     11.52%     15.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            7      4.24%     19.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            7      4.24%     23.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      1.82%     25.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            6      3.64%     29.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            5      3.03%     32.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            5      3.03%     35.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            8      4.85%     40.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.61%     40.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            4      2.42%     43.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      3.64%     46.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            6      3.64%     50.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            3      1.82%     52.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            7      4.24%     56.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      3.64%     60.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            8      4.85%     64.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            8      4.85%     69.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            7      4.24%     73.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.82%     75.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      2.42%     78.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            6      3.64%     81.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      2.42%     84.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      1.21%     85.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.61%     86.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            4      2.42%     88.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            3      1.82%     90.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            2      1.21%     91.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            2      1.21%     92.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            2      1.21%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.61%     94.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            4      2.42%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.61%     97.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2879            1      0.61%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2880-2943            1      0.61%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.61%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3519            1      0.61%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.rdPerTurnAround::total          165                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::samples          165                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.612121                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.535012                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.765482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::16              4      2.42%      2.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::17              3      1.82%      4.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.61%      4.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::20              2      1.21%      6.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.61%      6.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::23              3      1.82%      8.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::24            150     90.91%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.61%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.wrPerTurnAround::total          165                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.totQLat                 4361586574                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls09.totMemAccLat            6837947674                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls09.totBusLat                467513600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls09.avgQLat                   29853.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgMemAccLat              46803.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBW                     131.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBW                       3.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdBWSys                  131.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrBWSys                    3.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtil                       1.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilRead                   1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgRdQLen                     8.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.avgWrQLen                    30.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHits                 127630                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHits                  3242                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls09.readRowHitRate               87.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls09.writeRowHitRate              83.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls09.avgGap                  1904031.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls09.pageHitRate                  87.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30988122147                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::REF    3124954800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT    1452187860                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::0              15812496                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::1          16974316.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::2          16726348.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actEnergy::3          17616009.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::0              10667160                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::1              11450928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::2              11283648                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preEnergy::3              11883816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::0         87629068.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::1         93713817.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::2         92742374.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.readEnergy::3             96705024                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::0        10145710.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::1        10809262.080000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::2        10318233.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.writeEnergy::3        11174630.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::0      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::1      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::2      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.refreshEnergy::3      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::0      4902047314.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::1      4913394710.400000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::2      4912089145.920000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.actBackEnergy::3      4922423674.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::0       52906363632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::1       52896409776                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::2       52897555008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.preBackEnergy::3       52888489632                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::0        74358072104.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::1        74368159534.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::2        74366121481.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.totalEnergy::3        74373699509.759995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::0          77.989245                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::1          77.999825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::2          77.997687                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls09.averagePower::3          78.005635                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_fadd_count             0                       # atomic fadd count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_min_count              0                       # atomic min count
system.realview.nvmem.atomic_inc_count              0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls15.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls15.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         2560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        15360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1167872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1177600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1119744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         2048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1132544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_read::total          4631808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        15360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         2048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_inst_read::total        26368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::writebacks       124672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bytes_written::total        124672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4562                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_reads::total             18093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::writebacks          487                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.num_writes::total              487                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        71981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       431888                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     32837922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        57585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst        50387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     33111452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        28793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       158359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     31484672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        57585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        57585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     31844579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        43189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_read::total           130235977                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       431888                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst        50387                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       158359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        57585                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        43189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_inst_read::total         741409                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::writebacks       3505495                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_write::total            3505495                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::writebacks       3505495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        71981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       431888                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     32837922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        57585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst        50387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     33111452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        28793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       158359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     31484672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        57585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        57585                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     31844579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        43189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.bw_total::total          133741472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls15.readReqs                     18093                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.writeReqs                      487                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls15.readBursts                  144744                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.writeBursts                   3896                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadDRAM              4622560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadWrQ                  9248                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWritten                124960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesReadSys               4631808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesWrittenSys             124672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls15.servicedByWrQ                  289                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls15.mergedWrBursts                   7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls15.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::0           18376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::1           16992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::2           16465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::3           18064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::4           18922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::5           18153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::6           19034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankRdBursts::7           18449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::0             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::1             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::2             391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::3             608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::4             369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::5             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::6             561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.perBankWrBursts::7             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls15.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls15.totGap                 35733209000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.readPktSize::5              144744                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.writePktSize::5               3896                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::0                 17588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::1                 17605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::2                 17631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::3                 17657                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::4                 17674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::5                 17696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::6                 17722                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::7                 17749                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::8                   466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::9                   443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::10                  417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::11                  391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::12                  374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::13                  352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::14                  326                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::15                  299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::16                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::17                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::18                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::19                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::20                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::21                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::22                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::23                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::30                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::31                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::15                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::16                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::17                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::18                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::19                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::20                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::21                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::22                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::23                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::24                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::25                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::26                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::27                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::28                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::29                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::30                  164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::31                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::32                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::33                  165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::34                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::35                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::36                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::37                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::38                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::39                    2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::samples        18892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.297904                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.828214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.898065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::32-63          223      1.18%      1.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::64-95           70      0.37%      1.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::96-127           51      0.27%      1.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::128-159            9      0.05%      1.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::160-191           50      0.26%      2.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::192-223           72      0.38%      2.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::224-255          210      1.11%      3.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18207     96.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.bytesPerActivate::total        18892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::samples          164                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::mean   886.481707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   539.817883                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   763.892377                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            5      3.05%      3.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           21     12.80%     15.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           12      7.32%     23.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            4      2.44%     25.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            3      1.83%     27.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            5      3.05%     30.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            7      4.27%     34.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            7      4.27%     39.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            6      3.66%     42.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            9      5.49%     48.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            1      0.61%     48.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            5      3.05%     51.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            5      3.05%     54.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            2      1.22%     56.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      3.66%     59.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      3.05%     62.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      2.44%     65.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            7      4.27%     69.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            9      5.49%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.61%     75.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      2.44%     78.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.22%     79.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            4      2.44%     81.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      1.22%     82.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            4      2.44%     85.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.22%     86.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            3      1.83%     88.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            2      1.22%     89.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            1      0.61%     90.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.61%     90.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            2      1.22%     92.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.61%     92.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.61%     93.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            2      1.22%     94.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.61%     95.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2496-2559            1      0.61%     95.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2623            2      1.22%     96.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.61%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2880-2943            1      0.61%     98.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3007            1      0.61%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            1      0.61%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4031            1      0.61%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.rdPerTurnAround::total          164                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::samples          164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.810976                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.757974                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.467731                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::16              4      2.44%      2.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.61%      3.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.61%      3.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.61%      4.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::24            154     93.90%     98.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::25              2      1.22%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::32              1      0.61%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.wrPerTurnAround::total          164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.totQLat                 4308259473                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls15.totMemAccLat            6756771723                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls15.totBusLat                462256000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls15.avgQLat                   29824.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgMemAccLat              46774.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBW                     129.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBW                       3.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdBWSys                  130.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrBWSys                    3.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtil                       1.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilRead                   1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgRdQLen                     8.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.avgWrQLen                    31.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHits                 126219                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHits                  3249                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls15.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls15.writeRowHitRate              83.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls15.avgGap                  1923208.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls15.pageHitRate                  87.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30998374100                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::REF    3124954800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT    1441935907                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::0              15903216                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::1          15645571.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::2          16721510.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actEnergy::3              16250976                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::0              10728360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::1              10554552                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::2          11280384.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preEnergy::3              10962960                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::0         87932582.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::1         86325657.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::2         92520729.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.readEnergy::3         89189068.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::0        10500710.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::1        10182205.440000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::2        10371732.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.writeEnergy::3        10361779.200000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::0      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::1      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::2      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.refreshEnergy::3      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::0      4902591286.080000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::1      4901662797.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::2      4913369210.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.actBackEnergy::3      4910999670.719999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::0      52905886464.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::1       52906700928                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::2      52896432144.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.preBackEnergy::3       52898510688                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::0        74358949342.080002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::1        74356478434.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::2        74366102434.559998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.totalEnergy::3        74361681865.919998                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::0          77.990165                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::1          77.987573                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::2          77.997667                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls15.averagePower::3          77.993031                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls02.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls02.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        12800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1164032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1185280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker          768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1172224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1157376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_read::total          4714496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        12800                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_inst_read::total        32000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::writebacks       134144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bytes_written::total        134144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           50                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4547                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4521                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_reads::total             18416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::writebacks          524                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.num_writes::total              524                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        14396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       359907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     32729950                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        21594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       151161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     33327396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        21594                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       237539                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     32960291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        43189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       107972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     32542798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        43189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_read::total           132560976                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       359907                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       151161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       237539                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       107972                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        43189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_inst_read::total         899768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::writebacks       3771826                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_write::total            3771826                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::writebacks       3771826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        14396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       359907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     32729950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        21594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       151161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     33327396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        21594                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       237539                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     32960291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        43189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       107972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     32542798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        43189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.bw_total::total          136332803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls02.readReqs                     18416                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.writeReqs                      524                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls02.readBursts                  147328                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.writeBursts                   4192                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadDRAM              4704512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadWrQ                  9984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWritten                134144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesReadSys               4714496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesWrittenSys             134144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls02.servicedByWrQ                  312                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls02.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls02.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::0           18738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::1           17105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::2           17707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::3           17227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::4           19201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::5           18684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::6           20225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankRdBursts::7           18129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::0             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::1             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::2             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::3             792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::4             471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::5             552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::6             561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.perBankWrBursts::7             472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls02.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls02.totGap                 35736876000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.readPktSize::5              147328                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.writePktSize::5               4192                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::0                 17942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::1                 17956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::2                 17973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::3                 17989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::4                 18001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::5                 18024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::6                 18054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::7                 18072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::8                   432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::9                   409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::10                  392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::11                  376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::12                  365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::13                  343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::14                  315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::15                  298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::16                   12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::17                   11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::18                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::19                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::20                    8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::21                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::22                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::23                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::26                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::27                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::28                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::29                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::15                  168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::16                  168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::17                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::18                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::19                  169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::20                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::21                  171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::22                  172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::23                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::24                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::25                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::26                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::27                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::28                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::29                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::30                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::31                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::32                  178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::33                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::34                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::35                  177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::36                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::37                  175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::38                  174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::samples        19267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.136970                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::gmean   246.409625                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::stdev    29.544788                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::32-63          248      1.29%      1.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::64-95           67      0.35%      1.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::96-127           50      0.26%      1.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::128-159            7      0.04%      1.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::160-191           50      0.26%      2.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::192-223           65      0.34%      2.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::224-255          232      1.20%      3.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18548     96.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.bytesPerActivate::total        19267                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::samples          178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::mean   825.573034                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   538.670232                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   661.706498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::0-63            5      2.81%      2.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::64-127           17      9.55%     12.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           10      5.62%     17.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           12      6.74%     24.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      2.81%     27.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::320-383           12      6.74%     34.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            4      2.25%     36.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            6      3.37%     39.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            3      1.69%     41.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            6      3.37%     44.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            2      1.12%     46.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            8      4.49%     50.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::768-831           11      6.18%     56.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            5      2.81%     59.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            6      3.37%     62.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            6      3.37%     66.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            4      2.25%     68.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            9      5.06%     73.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            6      3.37%     76.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            3      1.69%     78.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            3      1.69%     80.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            6      3.37%     83.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      0.56%     84.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            4      2.25%     86.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.56%     87.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            4      2.25%     89.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            6      3.37%     92.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            1      0.56%     93.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.56%     93.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.12%     94.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            1      0.56%     95.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2112-2175            1      0.56%     96.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            2      1.12%     97.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.56%     97.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2495            1      0.56%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::2880-2943            1      0.56%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3264-3327            1      0.56%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::3520-3583            1      0.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.rdPerTurnAround::total          178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::samples          178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.550562                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.476028                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.690861                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::16              6      3.37%      3.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.56%      3.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::18              1      0.56%      4.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::19              2      1.12%      5.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::21              2      1.12%      6.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::22              1      0.56%      7.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.56%      7.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::24            164     92.13%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.wrPerTurnAround::total          178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.totQLat                 4376288928                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls02.totMemAccLat            6868210128                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls02.totBusLat                470451200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls02.avgQLat                   29767.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgMemAccLat              46717.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBW                     132.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBW                       3.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdBWSys                  132.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrBWSys                    3.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtil                       1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilRead                   1.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.busUtilWrite                  0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgRdQLen                     8.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.avgWrQLen                    30.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHits                 128462                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHits                  3479                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls02.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls02.writeRowHitRate              82.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls02.avgGap                  1886846.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls02.pageHitRate                  87.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30974768934                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::REF    3124954800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT    1465541073                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::0          15991516.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::1          16010265.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::2          16826140.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actEnergy::3          17679513.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::0              10787928                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::1              10800576                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::2              11350968                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preEnergy::3              11926656                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::0             88742784                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::1             87674496                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::2             93158208                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.readEnergy::3             97975488                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::0        10142392.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::1        10713047.040000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::2        10401177.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.writeEnergy::3        10759910.400000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::0      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::1      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::2      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.refreshEnergy::3      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::0      4903969245.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::1      4906756244.160000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::2      4913436516.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.actBackEnergy::3      4921187768.640000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::0       52904677728                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::1       52902232992                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::2      52896373104.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.preBackEnergy::3       52889573760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::0        74359718317.440002                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::1         74359594344                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::2        74366952838.080017                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.totalEnergy::3        74374509819.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::0          77.990971                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::1          77.990841                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::2          77.998559                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls02.averagePower::3          78.006485                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls05.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls05.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1174016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1165056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1160192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1138688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_read::total          4670464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_inst_read::total        32000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::writebacks       113408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bytes_written::total        113408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           65                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4586                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_reads::total             18244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::writebacks          443                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.num_writes::total              443                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       467879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     33010678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       115170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     32758743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       158359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     32621978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       115170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     32017334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        43189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::system.cpu7.data        14396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_read::total           131322896                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       467879                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       115170                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       158359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       115170                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        43189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_inst_read::total         899768                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::writebacks       3188777                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_write::total            3188777                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::writebacks       3188777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       467879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     33010678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       115170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     32758743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       158359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     32621978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       115170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     32017334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        43189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::system.cpu7.data        14396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.bw_total::total          134511673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls05.readReqs                     18244                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.writeReqs                      443                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls05.readBursts                  145952                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.writeBursts                   3544                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadDRAM              4663552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadWrQ                  6912                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWritten                113184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesReadSys               4670464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesWrittenSys             113408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls05.servicedByWrQ                  216                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls05.mergedWrBursts                   7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls05.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            4                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::0           19144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::1           17080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::2           18329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::3           18868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::4           18090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::5           17393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::6           19592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankRdBursts::7           17240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::0             368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::1             520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::2             400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::3             559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::4             464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::5             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::6             353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.perBankWrBursts::7             449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls05.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls05.totGap                 35745778000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.readPktSize::5              145952                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.writePktSize::5               3544                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::0                 17821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::1                 17846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::2                 17869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::3                 17884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::4                 17893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::5                 17906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::6                 17939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::7                 17964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::8                   398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::9                   367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::10                  346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::11                  331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::12                  322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::13                  309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::14                  276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::15                  251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::16                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::17                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::21                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::22                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::23                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::15                  144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::16                  144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::17                  144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::18                  144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::19                  144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::20                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::21                  145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::22                  146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::23                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::24                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::25                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::26                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::27                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::28                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::29                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::30                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::31                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::32                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::33                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::34                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::35                  149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::36                  148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::37                  148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::38                  147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::samples        18984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.619048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.413942                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::stdev    27.974293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::32-63          211      1.11%      1.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::64-95           68      0.36%      1.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::96-127           42      0.22%      1.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::128-159           12      0.06%      1.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::160-191           40      0.21%      1.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::192-223           69      0.36%      2.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::224-255          198      1.04%      3.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18344     96.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.bytesPerActivate::total        18984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::samples          149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::mean   978.147651                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   600.881931                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   786.491941                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::0-63           10      6.71%      6.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            8      5.37%     12.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::128-191           15     10.07%     22.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      2.01%     24.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      4.03%     28.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            5      3.36%     31.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      2.68%     34.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            4      2.68%     36.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            4      2.68%     39.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            3      2.01%     41.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            6      4.03%     45.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            3      2.01%     47.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            4      2.68%     50.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            4      2.68%     53.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            3      2.01%     55.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            6      4.03%     59.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            6      4.03%     63.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1215            1      0.67%     63.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            5      3.36%     67.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1343            4      2.68%     69.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            2      1.34%     71.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            7      4.70%     75.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            2      1.34%     77.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            6      4.03%     81.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1600-1663            2      1.34%     82.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            2      1.34%     83.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1728-1791            3      2.01%     85.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1855            3      2.01%     87.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.67%     88.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1920-1983            2      1.34%     89.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::1984-2047            3      2.01%     91.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2111            3      2.01%     93.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2239            1      0.67%     94.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2367            1      0.67%     95.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2368-2431            1      0.67%     95.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::2624-2687            1      0.67%     96.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3008-3071            1      0.67%     97.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3135            1      0.67%     97.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3264-3327            1      0.67%     98.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3519            1      0.67%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3775            1      0.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.rdPerTurnAround::total          149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::samples          149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.738255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.691113                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.342627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      2.01%      2.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::17              1      0.67%      2.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.67%      3.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.67%      4.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.67%      4.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::24            141     94.63%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.67%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.wrPerTurnAround::total          149                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.totQLat                 4329210594                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls05.totMemAccLat            6799435794                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls05.totBusLat                466355200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls05.avgQLat                   29705.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgMemAccLat              46655.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBW                     131.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBW                       3.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdBWSys                  131.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrBWSys                    3.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtil                       1.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilRead                   1.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgRdQLen                     8.15                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.avgWrQLen                    31.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHits                 127348                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHits                  2941                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls05.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls05.writeRowHitRate              83.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls05.avgGap                  1912868.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls05.pageHitRate                  87.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30999565817                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::REF    3124954800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT    1440744190                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::0              15879024                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::1          16835212.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::2          15841526.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actEnergy::3          16652563.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::0              10712040                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::1              11357088                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::2          10686744.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preEnergy::3              11233872                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::0         88166707.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::1         93495667.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::2             86928192                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.readEnergy::3             91311168                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::0        10248560.640000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::1        10467532.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::2        10318233.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.writeEnergy::3            10554624                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::0      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::1      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::2      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.refreshEnergy::3      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::0      4901984933.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::1      4910631459.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::2      4906257963.840000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.actBackEnergy::3      4915580993.280000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::0       52906418352                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::1       52898833680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::2       52902670080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.preBackEnergy::3      52894491984.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::0        74358816340.800003                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::1        74367027363.839996                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::2        74358109463.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.totalEnergy::3        74365231927.680008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::0          77.990025                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::1          77.998637                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::2          77.989284                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls05.averagePower::3          77.996754                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls11.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls11.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        19968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1212672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1237504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         2816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         7680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1224448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         2304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         7424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1221888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_read::total          4956416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        19968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         7680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         7424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_inst_read::total        44032                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::writebacks       123648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bytes_written::total        123648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           78                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4834                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           11                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_reads::total             19361                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::writebacks          483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.num_writes::total              483                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       215944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       561455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     34097597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        79180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       208746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     34795817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        79180                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       215944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     34428711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        64783                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       208746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     34356730                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        43189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_read::total           139363220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       561455                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       208746                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       215944                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       208746                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        43189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_inst_read::total        1238080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::writebacks       3476702                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_write::total            3476702                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::writebacks       3476702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       215944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       561455                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     34097597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.dtb.walker        79180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       208746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     34795817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        79180                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       215944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     34428711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        64783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       208746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     34356730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        43189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.bw_total::total          142839923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls11.readReqs                     19361                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.writeReqs                      483                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls11.readBursts                  154888                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.writeBursts                   3864                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadDRAM              4950016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadWrQ                  6400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWritten                123392                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesReadSys               4956416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesWrittenSys             123648                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls11.servicedByWrQ                  200                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls11.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls11.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            1                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::0           20072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::1           18811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::2           19737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::3           18728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::4           19025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::5           18450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::6           18880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankRdBursts::7           20985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::0             528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::1             567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::2             376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::3             456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::4             480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::5             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::6             337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.perBankWrBursts::7             624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls11.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls11.totGap                 35717677000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.readPktSize::5              154888                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.writePktSize::5               3864                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::0                 18855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::1                 18883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::2                 18903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::3                 18931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::4                 18951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::5                 18977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::6                 19011                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::7                 19037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::8                   477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::9                   441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::10                  422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::11                  394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::12                  374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::13                  348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::14                  315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::15                  291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::16                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::17                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::18                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::19                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::20                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::21                   10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::22                    9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::23                    7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::24                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::25                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::15                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::16                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::17                  158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::18                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::19                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::20                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::21                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::22                  159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::23                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::24                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::25                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::26                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::27                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::28                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::29                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::30                  163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::31                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::32                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::33                  162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::34                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::35                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::36                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::37                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::38                  161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::39                    1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::samples        20169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.544846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.281405                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.189699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::32-63          224      1.11%      1.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::64-95           83      0.41%      1.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::96-127           45      0.22%      1.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::160-191           45      0.22%      1.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::192-223           83      0.41%      2.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::224-255          216      1.07%      3.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::256-287        19473     96.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.bytesPerActivate::total        20169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::samples          162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::mean   951.851852                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   594.510441                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   806.291428                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           21     12.96%     12.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           15      9.26%     22.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            5      3.09%     25.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           15      9.26%     34.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           12      7.41%     41.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           11      6.79%     48.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           10      6.17%     54.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           12      7.41%     62.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            8      4.94%     67.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            8      4.94%     72.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407           10      6.17%     78.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            8      4.94%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            4      2.47%     85.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            4      2.47%     88.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            6      3.70%     91.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.62%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.62%     93.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            4      2.47%     95.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            3      1.85%     97.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.62%     98.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      0.62%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::4224-4351            2      1.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.rdPerTurnAround::total          162                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::samples          162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.802469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.766289                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.173409                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::16              3      1.85%      1.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::19              1      0.62%      2.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::21              1      0.62%      3.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::23              1      0.62%      3.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::24            155     95.68%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::25              1      0.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.wrPerTurnAround::total          162                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.totQLat                 4585564868                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls11.totMemAccLat            7207526468                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls11.totBusLat                495001600                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls11.avgQLat                   29643.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgMemAccLat              46593.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBW                     139.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBW                       3.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdBWSys                  139.36                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrBWSys                    3.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtil                       1.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilRead                   1.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgRdQLen                     8.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.avgWrQLen                    30.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHits                 135161                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHits                  3214                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls11.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls11.writeRowHitRate              83.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls11.avgGap                  1799923.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls11.pageHitRate                  87.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30910838920                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::REF    3124954800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT    1529471087                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::0          17084995.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::1          17098300.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::2          16636233.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actEnergy::3          17932924.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::0              11525592                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::1              11534568                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::2              11222856                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preEnergy::3              12097608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::0         95371161.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::1         95274316.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::2             92476800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.readEnergy::3         99468595.200000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::0        10640056.320000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::1        10484121.600000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::2        10195476.480000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.writeEnergy::3        10637153.280000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::0      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::1      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::2      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.refreshEnergy::3      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::0      4910872501.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::1        4913581032                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::2      4911619538.880000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.actBackEnergy::3      4924233538.560000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::0       52898622240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::1       52896246336                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::2      52897966944.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.preBackEnergy::3       52886902032                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::0        74369523269.760010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::1        74369625398.399994                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::2        74365524572.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.totalEnergy::3        74376678575.039993                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::0          78.001255                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::1          78.001362                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::2          77.997061                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls11.averagePower::3          78.008760                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls08.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls08.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker          512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        12288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1175808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1157888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1189632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1209600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_read::total          4767232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        12288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_inst_read::total        29184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::writebacks       107008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bytes_written::total        107008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.dtb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           48                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4523                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4725                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_reads::total             18622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::writebacks          418                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.num_writes::total              418                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        14396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       345511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     33061065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       158359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     32557195                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        28793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       230341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     33449764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        93576                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst        43189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     34011219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         7198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        43189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_read::total           134043794                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       345511                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       158359                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       230341                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst        43189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        43189                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_inst_read::total         820588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::writebacks       3008823                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_write::total            3008823                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::writebacks       3008823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.dtb.walker        14396                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       345511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     33061065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       158359                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     32557195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.dtb.walker        28793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       230341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     33449764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.dtb.walker        93576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst        43189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     34011219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.dtb.walker         7198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        43189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.bw_total::total          137052617                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls08.readReqs                     18622                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.writeReqs                      418                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls08.readBursts                  148976                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.writeBursts                   3344                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadDRAM              4761344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadWrQ                  5888                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWritten                107264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesReadSys               4767232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesWrittenSys             107008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls08.servicedByWrQ                  184                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls08.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls08.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            8                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::0           19417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::1           18169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::2           19320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::3           19707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::4           17609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::5           18001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::6           17713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankRdBursts::7           18856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::0             376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::1             448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::2             320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::3             440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::4             408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::5             352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::6             599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.perBankWrBursts::7             409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls08.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls08.totGap                 35747248000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.readPktSize::5              148976                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.writePktSize::5               3344                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::0                 18172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::1                 18192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::2                 18222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::3                 18248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::4                 18264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::5                 18278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::6                 18304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::7                 18317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::8                   425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::9                   397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::10                  367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::11                  341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::12                  325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::13                  311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::14                  286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::15                  274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::16                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::17                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::18                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::19                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::20                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::21                    6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::22                    5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::23                    4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::24                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::25                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::26                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::27                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::28                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::29                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::30                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::31                    3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::15                  137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::16                  137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::17                  137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::18                  137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::19                  137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::20                  137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::21                  137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::22                  137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::23                  140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::24                  140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::25                  140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::26                  140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::27                  140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::28                  140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::29                  140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::30                  140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::31                  141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::32                  141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::33                  141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::34                  141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::35                  141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::36                  141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::37                  141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::38                  141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::samples        19363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.438723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.183370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::stdev    28.351531                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::32-63          211      1.09%      1.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::64-95           76      0.39%      1.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::96-127           56      0.29%      1.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::128-159            6      0.03%      1.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::160-191           58      0.30%      2.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::192-223           75      0.39%      2.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::224-255          199      1.03%      3.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18682     96.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.bytesPerActivate::total        19363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::samples          141                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::mean  1057.765957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   620.019318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   913.237011                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           21     14.89%     14.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           12      8.51%     23.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            9      6.38%     29.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            3      2.13%     31.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            9      6.38%     38.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            9      6.38%     44.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            8      5.67%     50.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            5      3.55%     53.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151           11      7.80%     61.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            9      6.38%     68.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            4      2.84%     70.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            5      3.55%     74.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            3      2.13%     76.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            4      2.84%     79.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            6      4.26%     83.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            5      3.55%     87.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            2      1.42%     88.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.71%     89.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            2      1.42%     90.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            4      2.84%     93.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.71%     94.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2688-2815            2      1.42%     95.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.71%     96.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.71%     97.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3199            1      0.71%     97.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::3840-3967            1      0.71%     98.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::4224-4351            1      0.71%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4479            1      0.71%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.rdPerTurnAround::total          141                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::samples          141                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.773050                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.725520                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.332928                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::16              4      2.84%      2.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::24            137     97.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.wrPerTurnAround::total          141                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.totQLat                 4393453244                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls08.totMemAccLat            6915477644                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls08.totBusLat                476134400                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls08.avgQLat                   29527.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgMemAccLat              46477.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBW                     133.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBW                       3.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdBWSys                  134.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrBWSys                    3.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtil                       1.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilRead                   1.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgRdQLen                     8.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.avgWrQLen                    30.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHits                 129995                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHits                  2786                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls08.readRowHitRate               87.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls08.writeRowHitRate              83.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls08.avgGap                  1877481.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls08.pageHitRate                  87.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30971705974                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::REF    3124954800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT    1468604033                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::0          16784409.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::1          17718825.600000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::2          16204406.400000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actEnergy::3          16798924.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::0              11322816                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::1              11953176                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::2          10931544.000000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preEnergy::3              11332608                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::0         93714316.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::1         99127641.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::2         89452646.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.readEnergy::3         91931174.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::0        10328186.880000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::1        10457579.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::2        10208747.520000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.writeEnergy::3        10809676.800000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::0      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::1      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::2      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.refreshEnergy::3      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::0      4909073253.120000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::1      4918327554.240000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::2      4907134140.480000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.actBackEnergy::3      4916992933.440001                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::0       52900200528                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::1       52892082720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::2      52901901504.000008                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.preBackEnergy::3       52893253440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::0        74366830233.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::1        74375074220.160004                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::2        74361239712.000015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.totalEnergy::3        74366525480.639999                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::0          77.998430                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::1          78.007077                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::2          77.992567                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls08.averagePower::3          77.998111                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls04.clk_domain.clock               800                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_fadd_count                0                       # atomic fadd count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_min_count                 0                       # atomic min count
system.mem_ctrls04.atomic_inc_count                 0                       # atomic inc count
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.inst        16128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu0.data      1211648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu1.data      1170432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.inst         8192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu2.data      1184000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.inst         6912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu3.data      1171200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::system.cpu7.data          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_read::total          4774912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst        16128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst         8192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst         6912                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst         1024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_inst_read::total        37376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::writebacks       120064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bytes_written::total        120064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.inst           63                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu0.data         4733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.inst           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu1.data         4572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu2.data         4625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu3.data         4575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.inst            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::system.cpu7.data            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_reads::total             18652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::writebacks          469                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.num_writes::total              469                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.inst       453483                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu0.data     34068804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.inst       143963                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu1.data     32909904                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.inst       230341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu2.data     33291405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.inst       194350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu3.data     32931498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.inst        28793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::system.cpu7.data         7198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_read::total           134259738                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu0.inst       453483                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu1.inst       143963                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu2.inst       230341                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu3.inst       194350                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::system.cpu7.inst        28793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_inst_read::total        1050929                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::writebacks       3375928                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_write::total            3375928                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::writebacks       3375928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.inst       453483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu0.data     34068804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.inst       143963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu1.data     32909904                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.inst       230341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu2.data     33291405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.inst       194350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu3.data     32931498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.inst        28793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::system.cpu7.data         7198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.bw_total::total          137635666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls04.readReqs                     18652                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.writeReqs                      469                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls04.readBursts                  149216                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.writeBursts                   3752                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadDRAM              4765312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadWrQ                  9600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWritten                119552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesReadSys               4774912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesWrittenSys             120064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls04.servicedByWrQ                  300                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls04.mergedWrBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls04.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            3                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::0           19169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::1           17000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::2           19913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::3           18234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::4           18728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::5           17963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::6           19337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankRdBursts::7           18572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::0             400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::1             376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::2             416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::3             560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::4             479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::5             544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::6             424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.perBankWrBursts::7             537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls04.numRdRetry                       0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.numWrRetry                       0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls04.totGap                 35735690000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::0                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::1                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::2                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::3                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::4                   0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.readPktSize::5              149216                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::0                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::1                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::2                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::3                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::4                  0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.writePktSize::5               3752                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::0                 18218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::1                 18238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::2                 18253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::3                 18278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::4                 18295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::5                 18324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::6                 18342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::7                 18361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::8                   406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::9                   374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::10                  359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::11                  334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::12                  317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::13                  289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::14                  271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::15                  252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::16                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::17                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::18                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::19                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::20                    1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::21                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::22                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::23                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::24                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::25                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::26                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::27                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::28                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::29                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::30                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::31                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::32                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::33                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::34                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::35                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::36                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::37                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::38                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.rdQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::0                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::1                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::2                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::3                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::4                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::5                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::6                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::7                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::8                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::9                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::10                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::11                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::12                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::13                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::14                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::15                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::16                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::17                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::18                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::19                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::20                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::21                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::22                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::23                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::24                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::25                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::26                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::27                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::28                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::29                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::30                  157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::31                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::32                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::33                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::34                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::35                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::36                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::37                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::38                  156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::39                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::40                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::41                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::42                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::43                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::44                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::45                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::46                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::47                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::48                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::49                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::50                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::51                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::52                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::53                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::54                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::55                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::56                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::57                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::58                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::59                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::60                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::61                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::62                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.wrQLenPdf::63                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::samples        19410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::mean   251.667388                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::gmean   247.474621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::stdev    27.862270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::32-63          219      1.13%      1.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::64-95           60      0.31%      1.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::96-127           50      0.26%      1.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::128-159            2      0.01%      1.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::160-191           50      0.26%      1.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::192-223           60      0.31%      2.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::224-255          207      1.07%      3.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::256-287        18762     96.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.bytesPerActivate::total        19410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::samples          156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::mean   949.557692                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::gmean   609.905819                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   785.727559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           20     12.82%     12.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           16     10.26%     23.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            8      5.13%     28.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            8      5.13%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           10      6.41%     39.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           15      9.62%     49.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            9      5.77%     55.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            8      5.13%     60.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151           11      7.05%     67.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            8      5.13%     72.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            7      4.49%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            9      5.77%     82.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            4      2.56%     85.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            4      2.56%     87.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      1.28%     89.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            2      1.28%     90.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            3      1.92%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            3      1.92%     94.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            2      1.28%     95.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            2      1.28%     96.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            2      1.28%     98.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3200-3327            1      0.64%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3839            1      0.64%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4223            1      0.64%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.rdPerTurnAround::total          156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::samples          156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::mean    23.948718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.937702                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.640513                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::16              1      0.64%      0.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::24            155     99.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.wrPerTurnAround::total          156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.totQLat                 4389947632                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls04.totMemAccLat            6914073832                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls04.totBusLat                476531200                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls04.avgQLat                   29479.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgBusLat                  3200.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgMemAccLat              46429.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBW                     133.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBW                       3.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdBWSys                  134.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrBWSys                    3.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.peakBW                    10000.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtil                       1.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilRead                   1.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.busUtilWrite                  0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgRdQLen                     8.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.avgWrQLen                    30.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHits                 130130                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHits                  3112                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls04.readRowHitRate               87.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls04.writeRowHitRate              82.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls04.avgGap                  1868923.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls04.pageHitRate                  87.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::IDLE  30968287564                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::REF    3124954800                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT    1472022443                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::0          16169932.800000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::1              16619904                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::2          15884467.200000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actEnergy::3              17333568                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::0              10908288                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::1              11211840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::2              10715712                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preEnergy::3              11693280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::0         89884953.600000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::1         92433868.800000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::2             87232704                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.readEnergy::3         95340710.400000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::0        10281738.240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::1        10371317.760000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::2            10202112                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.writeEnergy::3        10746639.360000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::0      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::1      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::2      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.refreshEnergy::3      16425406723.199999                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::0      4904253077.760000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::1      4908473193.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::2      4905622281.599999                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.actBackEnergy::3      4921450151.040000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::0       52904428752                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::1       52900726896                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::2       52903227696                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.preBackEnergy::3       52889343600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::0        74361333465.600006                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::1        74365243743.360001                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::2         74358291696                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.totalEnergy::3         74371314672                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::0          77.992665                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::1          77.996767                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::2          77.989475                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls04.averagePower::3          78.003134                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.membus.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.membus.clk_domain.clock                    500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              295108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             295108                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 20                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                20                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              7866                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            438                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              54                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1054                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1053                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave       600975                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       601109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 601109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          268                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.Hmon-slave     77818625                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     77818893                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                77818893                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    147554000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   4868538000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        20000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        10000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback    129789000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       194000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       219000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        27000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       527000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     17374500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq         2787                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        36237                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           12                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback          108                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           23                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp          126                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq      6264972                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    307026993                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         5000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback        21488                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq         1500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        25000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        38000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      1129500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.membus.failedReq                          2931                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.failedResp                        36368                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.membus.reqForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.membus.respForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.membus.pimReqSuccess                         1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimReqFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimReqDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.pimRespSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.membus.pimRespFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.membus.pimRespDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalReqDelayedTime             6325960                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.totalRespDelayedTime          308186493                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.membus.snoops                              773                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            304806                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  304806    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              304806                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               43000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.succeeded                  67                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy           277873500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.succeeded              304034                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer5.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.reqLayer6.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.snoopLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer0.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer1.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer2.succeeded                  0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.membus.respLayer3.occupancy         4885949500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer3.utilization             13.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer3.succeeded             296235                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.membus.respLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smcxbar.clk_domain.clock                  1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadReq             295060                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadResp            295060                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteReq                 1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::WriteResp                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::Writeback             7866                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              49                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             5                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             54                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1053                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1053                       # Transaction distribution
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         9306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         9253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         9278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         9206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         9507                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         9254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         9134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         9717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         9514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         9325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         9848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         9826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         9391                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         9136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8888                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         9417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink0.master::total       150001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         9609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         9061                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         9440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         9662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         9372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         9286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         9198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         9530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         9231                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         9264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         9570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         9777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         9238                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         9674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         8966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         9266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink1.master::total       150144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         9531                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         8957                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         9443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         9457                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         9308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         9332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         9459                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         9624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         9455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         9191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         9732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         9874                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         9234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         9388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         9012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         9024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink2.master::total       150022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port         9498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port         9082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port         9195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port         9340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port         9592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port         9067                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port         9301                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port         9533                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port         9478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port         9292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port         9936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port         9730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port         9211                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port         9646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port         9166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port         8968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count_system.seriallink3.master::total       150035                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_count::total                600202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1210880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1199872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1204736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1193728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1233664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1199360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1185024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1258496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1230080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1209856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1277184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1273344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1217024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1187840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1153536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1220608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink0.master::total     19455232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1248000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1173504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1224960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1252352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1211904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1202432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1190144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1234432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1194496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1201152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1241344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1266432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1195776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1252096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1161216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1202944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink1.master::total     19453184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1239552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1159680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1225984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1224960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1206272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1207808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1225216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1249792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1225216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1190400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1260544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1280512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1197824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1219840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1171200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1169408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::system.pim_sys.s2p.slave            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink2.master::total     19454209                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls00.port      1232128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls01.port      1177344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls02.port      1192960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls03.port      1210368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls04.port      1243136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls05.port      1174272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls06.port      1207040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls07.port      1239552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls08.port      1224448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls09.port      1203968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls10.port      1288960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls11.port      1259776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls12.port      1196032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls13.port      1252352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls14.port      1190144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::system.mem_ctrls15.port      1163520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size_system.seriallink3.master::total     19456000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.pkt_size::total               77818625                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    412968800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   2907696905                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         2200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp         1500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     73939600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        68600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         7000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        75546                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1462600                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     10363489                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq          288                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            7                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            2                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq           29                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq       224200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp        34300                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback          800                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq        19600                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smcxbar.failedReq                          319                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.failedResp                           7                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smcxbar.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smcxbar.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smcxbar.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smcxbar.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalReqDelayedTime             244600                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.totalRespDelayedTime             34300                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.occupancy           31597200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.succeeded              19262                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.occupancy           29330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.succeeded              18400                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer1.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.occupancy           30702000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.succeeded              18940                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer2.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.occupancy           30489200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.succeeded              19070                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer3.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.occupancy           30523600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.succeeded              19124                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer4.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.occupancy           29708200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.succeeded              18691                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer5.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.occupancy           30012600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.succeeded              18779                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer6.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.occupancy           31446600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.succeeded              19465                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer7.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.occupancy           30001600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.succeeded              19048                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer8.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.occupancy           30168600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.succeeded              18779                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer9.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.occupancy          31787600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.succeeded             19798                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer10.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.occupancy          31638200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.succeeded             19845                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer11.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.occupancy          30452000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.succeeded             18796                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer12.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.occupancy          31108400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.succeeded             19188                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer13.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.occupancy          29578600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.succeeded             18267                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer14.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.occupancy          29902200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.succeeded             18581                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer15.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.occupancy              2200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.succeeded                 1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.reqLayer16.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.occupancy         729052368                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.utilization             2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.succeeded             73993                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.occupancy         730438640                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.succeeded             74135                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.occupancy         729284585                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.succeeded             74013                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.occupancy         729361847                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.utilization             2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.succeeded             74027                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smcxbar.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAReads               0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDMAWrites              0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.realview.ethernet.postedSwi                  0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedSwi             0                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalSwi                   0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxIdle               0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle          0                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxIdle                0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOk                 0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOk            0                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOk                  0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxDesc               0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc          0                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxDesc                0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxOk                 0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxOk            0                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxOk                  0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxIdle               0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle          0                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxIdle                0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedTxDesc               0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc          0                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalTxDesc                0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.postedRxOrn                0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn           0                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.totalRxOrn                 0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.realview.ethernet.coalescedTotal           0                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.realview.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.realview.ethernet.droppedPackets             0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cf1.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf1.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf1.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       8                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::system.realview.ide            8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::system.realview.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.waiting_on_retry                     0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.smccontroller.clk_domain.clock             100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadReq       295060                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadResp       295060                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::Writeback         7866                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           49                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           54                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1053                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1053                       # Transaction distribution
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave       150001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave       150144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave       150022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave       150035                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_count_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total       600202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon0-slave     19455232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon1-slave     19453184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon2-slave     19454209                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::system.Lmon3-slave     19456000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.pkt_size_system.smccontroller_pipeline.master::total     77818625                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq    236048000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp   1180240000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq          900                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          800                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback     31464000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq        39200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         4000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        43200                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq       842400                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp      4212000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        11635                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           45                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp     40411700                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       137200                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.smccontroller.failedReq                      0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.failedResp                 11680                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.smccontroller.reqForwardingFail              0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.respForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.smccontroller.pimReqSuccess                  1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimReqFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimReqDelayedTime              0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.pimRespSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.smccontroller.pimRespFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.smccontroller.pimRespDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.totalRespDelayedTime     40548900                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.occupancy     67257600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.succeeded        76008                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer0.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.occupancy     66804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.succeeded        76009                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer1.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.occupancy     67191300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.succeeded        76009                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer2.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.occupancy     67145600                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.succeeded        76008                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.reqLayer3.failed               0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.occupancy   1184496000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.utilization          3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.succeeded       296168                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.smccontroller.respLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2356944                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2356944                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                20                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               20                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            55390                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             398                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           544                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            941                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             2784                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            2784                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       388875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       791015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       390079                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       788916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       386608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           38                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       789405                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       394133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side       793725                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               4737614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       604160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     50285376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1581960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       375552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     50409280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1577772                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       414208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     49974844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           76                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1578748                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       375808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     51014456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.itb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side      1587372                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        70656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        39193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2.cpu_side           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              209890357                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1180618089                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp  25542998698                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq        20000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp        10000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback   1800186477                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       199000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq       272000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp        84999                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq          500                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      1399984                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp     87788488                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq        95270                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp        23407                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq           16                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback         3241                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq           20                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           43                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            9                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq          188                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp           31                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq   1186752311                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp    117304841                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq      1158492                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback     27798497                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq       229000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq      1131000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp       153000                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq      2451999                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp       117500                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.tol2bus.failedReq                        98830                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.failedResp                       23447                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.tol2bus.reqForwardingFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.respForwardingFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.tol2bus.pimReqSuccess                        1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimReqFail                           0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.pimRespSuccess                       1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.tol2bus.pimRespFail                          0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.tol2bus.pimRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalReqDelayedTime         1219521299                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.totalRespDelayedTime         117575341                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.tol2bus.snoops                           39157                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2416013                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                  47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::9                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::10                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::11                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::12                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::13                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::14                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::15                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::16                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::17                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::18                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::19                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::20                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::21                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::22                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::23                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::24                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::25                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::26                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::27                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::28                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::29                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::30                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::31                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::32                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::33                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::34                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::35                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::36                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::37                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::38                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::39                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::40                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::41                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::42                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::43                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::44                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::45                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::46                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::47               2416013    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::48                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value             47                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            2416013                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2982702050                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              8.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.succeeded            2416081                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.failed                     0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.snoopLayer0.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy          76790159                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.succeeded              2360                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        6243813073                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization            17.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.succeeded            192380                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.occupancy             10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.succeeded                10                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer2.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.occupancy         396600255                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.succeeded            395525                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer3.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer4.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer5.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.occupancy          47756226                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.succeeded              1467                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer6.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.occupancy        6269332094                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.utilization            17.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.succeeded            193121                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer7.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.succeeded                 0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer8.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.occupancy         395539789                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.utilization             1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.succeeded            394473                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer9.failed                    0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer10.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer11.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.occupancy         52692665                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.succeeded             1618                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer12.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.occupancy       6211667029                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.utilization           17.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.succeeded           191336                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer13.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.occupancy            19000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.succeeded               19                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer14.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.occupancy        395781275                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.succeeded           394718                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer15.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer16.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer17.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.occupancy         47798218                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.utilization            0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.succeeded             1468                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer18.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.occupancy       6324347108                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.utilization           17.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.succeeded           194812                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer19.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.occupancy            17000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.succeeded               17                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer20.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.occupancy        397949775                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.utilization            1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.succeeded           396882                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer21.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer22.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer23.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer24.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.occupancy           227500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.succeeded                7                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer25.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer26.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer27.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer28.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer29.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer30.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.occupancy           228500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.succeeded                9                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer31.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer32.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer33.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer34.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer35.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer36.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.occupancy           228999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.succeeded                9                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer37.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer38.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer39.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer40.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer41.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.occupancy          8971996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.succeeded              276                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer42.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.occupancy          4763995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.succeeded              178                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer43.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer44.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.occupancy             5000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.succeeded                5                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer45.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer46.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.succeeded                0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.tol2bus.respLayer47.failed                   0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.itlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.stlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_access                      0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_access                  0                       # Number of TLB accesses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_miss                        0                       # Number of TLB misses
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_hit_rate                  0                       # TLB hit rate
system.pim_sys.dtlb.tlb_dyn_hit_rate              0                       # TLB dynamic hit rate (hit rate for the dynamic rules only
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.dtb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                    0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid               0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.flush_entries                0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.align_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.domain_faults                0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.perms_faults                 0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.hits                         0                       # DTB hits
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.misses                       0                       # DTB misses
system.pim_sys.cpu.itb.accesses                     0                       # DTB accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.numCycles                        0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.pim_sys.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedInsts                   0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.committedOps                     0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_func_calls                   0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_insts                    0                       # number of integer instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_insts                     0                       # number of float instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_mem_refs                     0                       # number of memory refs
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_load_insts                   0                       # Number of load instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_store_insts                  0                       # Number of store instructions
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.not_idle_fraction                0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.idle_fraction                    1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntMult                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShift              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemRead                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::MemWrite               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::IprAccess              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.op_class::total                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.pim_sys.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::0            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::1            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::2            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::3            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::4            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::5            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::6            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::7            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::8            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::9            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::10            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::11            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::12            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::13            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::14            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::15            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::16            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::17            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::18            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::19            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::samples         3556                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::0         3556    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.readBandwidthHist::total         3556                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageReadBandwidth            0                       # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalReadBytes                  0                       # Number of bytes read
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3556                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::0         3556    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeBandwidthHist::total         3556                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.averageWriteBandwidth            0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.pim_sys.Smon.totalWrittenBytes               0                       # Number of bytes written
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::0              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::1              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::2              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::3              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::4              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::5              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::6              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::7              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::8              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::9              0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::10             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::11             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::12             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::13             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::14             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::15             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::16             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::17             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::18             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::19             0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.readLatencyHist::total            0                       # Read request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::mean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::gmean          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::stdev          0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::0             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::1             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::2             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::3             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::4             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::5             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::6             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::7             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::8             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::9             0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::10            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::11            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::12            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::13            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::14            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::15            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::16            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::17            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::18            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::19            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeLatencyHist::total            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::samples            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::mean             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::stdev            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::underflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::1-5000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::5001-10000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::10001-15000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::20001-25000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::25001-30000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::30001-35000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::35001-40000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::40001-45000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::45001-50000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::50001-55000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::55001-60000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::60001-65000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::65001-70000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::70001-75000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::75001-80000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::80001-85000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::85001-90000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::90001-95000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::overflows            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::min_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::max_value            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReadRead::total              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::samples            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::mean           0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::stdev          0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::overflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::max_value            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittWriteWrite::total            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::samples              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::mean               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::stdev              0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::underflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::1-5000               0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::5001-10000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::10001-15000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::15001-20000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::20001-25000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::25001-30000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::30001-35000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::35001-40000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::40001-45000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::45001-50000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::50001-55000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::55001-60000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::60001-65000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::65001-70000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::70001-75000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::75001-80000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::80001-85000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::85001-90000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::90001-95000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::95001-100000            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::overflows            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::min_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::max_value            0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.ittReqReq::total                0                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3556                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::0         3556    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingReadsHist::total         3556                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3556                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::0         3556    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::1            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::2            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::3            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::4            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::5            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::6            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::7            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::8            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::9            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.outstandingWritesHist::total         3556                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::samples         3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::0             3556    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.readTransHist::total         3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::samples         3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::mean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::0            3556    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.Smon.writeTransHist::total         3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.pim_sys.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteReq            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.trans_dist::WriteResp            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_count::total              2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::system.pim_sys.pim_memory.port            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size_system.pim_sys.s2p.master::total            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pkt_size::total               1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq         1000                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp          700                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedReq                     0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.failedResp                    0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqForwardingFail             0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respForwardingFail            0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqSuccess                 1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqFail                    0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimReqDelayedTime             0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespSuccess                1                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespFail                   0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.pim_sys.pimbus.pimRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalReqDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.totalRespDelayedTime            0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer0.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer1.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.occupancy         1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.reqLayer2.failed              0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer0.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer1.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer2.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.succeeded            0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer3.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.occupancy          700                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.succeeded            1                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.pim_sys.pimbus.respLayer4.failed             0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink0.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink1.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink2.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.seriallink3.clk_domain.clock               100                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.tags.replacements                    296225                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8188.266222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      575319                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    296225                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.942169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      277.173624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     1.753366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst    21.388418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data  2006.514642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     2.765309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst    14.598674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data  2001.380672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     1.409713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.010867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst     6.900912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data  1905.613606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     2.761766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst     6.964034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data  1897.530857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.049517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst    11.245933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data    30.204312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.033835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst     0.002611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.244936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst     0.001782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.244309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst     0.000842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.232619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst     0.000850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.231632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst     0.001373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.003687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023            15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2040                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023     0.001831                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994385                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  19314023                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 19314023                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       395427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data       108028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       394404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst          980                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data       109338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       394654                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           18                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst          950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data       107816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       396793                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst          969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data       111533                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst          194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           67                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 2022506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            55390                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 55390                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu7.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   34                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu0.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu1.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu2.data           29                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          476                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          336                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          435                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu3.data          367                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1624                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       395427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst          1302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data        108504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       394404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst           980                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data        109674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       394654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           18                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst           950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data        108251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       396793                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst           969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data        111900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data             1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data             1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data             1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst           194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data            77                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  2024130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       395427                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst         1302                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data       108504                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       394404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst          980                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data       109674                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       394654                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.itb.walker           18                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst          950                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data       108251                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       396793                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst          969                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data       111900                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst          194                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data           77                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 2024130                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1058                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data        73714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst          487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data        73478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst          668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data        72999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst          499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data        72903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst           82                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                296089                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 25                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total                5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          283                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          250                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          273                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          268                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1077                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1058                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data        73997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst          487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data        73728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst          668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data        73272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst          499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data        73171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst           82                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 297166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           63                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         1058                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data        73997                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst          487                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data        73728                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst          668                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data        73272                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           50                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst          499                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data        73171                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst           82                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                297166                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      7962500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    135414000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   9659516471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      5091500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     60601000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   9650362467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      4086000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       124000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     84112000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   9576570969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      6186500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     62919000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   9560232968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       249000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10799500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1673500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     38825901375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       130500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        65000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       260500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        65000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     36494500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     32437500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     36485000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     34977500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       373000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     140767500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      7962500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    135414000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   9696010971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      5091500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     60601000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   9682799967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      4086000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       124000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     84112000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   9613055969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      6186500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     62919000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   9595210468                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       249000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10799500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2046500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      38966668875                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      7962500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    135414000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   9696010971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      5091500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     60601000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   9682799967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      4086000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       124000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     84112000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   9613055969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      6186500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     62919000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   9595210468                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       249000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     10799500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      2046500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     38966668875                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       395490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data       181742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       394443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data       182816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       394687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           19                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         1618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data       180815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       396843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           17                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         1468                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data       184436                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           80                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             2318595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        55390                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             55390                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data            8                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total               59                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data           30                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data           23                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data           31                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data           25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            111                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          759                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          586                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          708                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          635                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2701                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       395490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data       182501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       394443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data       183402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       394687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           19                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         1618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data       181523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       396843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           17                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         1468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data       185071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data           93                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              2321296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker       395490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.itb.walker           10                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst         2360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data       182501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker       394443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst         1467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data       183402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       394687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.itb.walker           19                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst         1618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data       181523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       396843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.itb.walker           17                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst         1468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data       185071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst          276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data           93                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             2321296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.448305                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.405597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.331970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.401923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000084                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.052632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.412855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.403722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.339918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.395275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.297101                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.162500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.127702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.272727                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.125000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.583333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.900000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total        0.423729                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.043478                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.064516                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total      0.045045                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.372859                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.426621                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.385593                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.422047                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.230769                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.398741                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.448305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.405461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.331970                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.402002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.052632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.412855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.403651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.339918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.395367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.297101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.172043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.128017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.448305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.405461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.331970                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.402002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.052632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.412855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.403651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.339918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.395367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.297101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.172043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.128017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 126388.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 127990.548204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 131040.460035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 130551.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 124437.371663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 131336.760214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 123818.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       124000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 125916.167665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 131187.700777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       123730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 126090.180361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 131136.345116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 131701.219512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 128730.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131129.158378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data        21750                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        32500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data  7222.222222                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        10420                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        32500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 128955.830389                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       129750                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 133644.688645                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 130513.059701                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 124333.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130703.342618                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 126388.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 127990.548204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 131032.487412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 130551.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 124437.371663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 131331.379761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 123818.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 125916.167665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 131196.855129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       123730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 126090.180361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 131134.062238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 131701.219512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 127906.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 131127.615121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 126388.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 127990.548204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 131032.487412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 130551.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 124437.371663                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 131331.379761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker 123818.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       124000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 125916.167665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 131196.855129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker       123730                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 126090.180361                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 131134.062238                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       124500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 131701.219512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 127906.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 131127.615121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 7866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      7866                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           74                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           61                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst          210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           62                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total               1029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           74                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           61                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst          210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                1029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.inst          170                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           74                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.inst          147                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           61                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.dtb.walker            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.inst          210                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           99                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.inst          166                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total               1029                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           52                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        73640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        73417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        72900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        72841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           81                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           295060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            7                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            9                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            25                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          283                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          273                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          268                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           1077                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        73923                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        73667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        73173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        73109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           81                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            296137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.dtb.walker           52                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst          888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data        73923                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.dtb.walker           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst          340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data        73667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.dtb.walker           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data        73173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.dtb.walker           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst          333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data        73109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.dtb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst           81                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           16                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           296137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      6089000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    107056500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   8841668971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      3218000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     40752000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   8836118967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      2819000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     54825000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   8762510469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      4913500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     40118500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   8752032468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      9773500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1530500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35463766375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data       326000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       380000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       114000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       493500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1368000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data       108500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       108500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       271000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     33381500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     29687500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     33482000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     32029500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       340000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128920500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      6089000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    107056500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   8875050471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      3218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     40752000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   8865806467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      2819000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       113000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     54825000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   8795992469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      4913500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     40118500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   8784061968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      9773500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1870500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35592686875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker      6089000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    107056500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data   8875050471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker      3218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     40752000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data   8865806467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker      2819000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       113000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     54825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data   8795992469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker      4913500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     40118500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data   8784061968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst      9773500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1870500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35592686875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       238500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       245500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       222000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       201000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        81000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       988000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       100000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data        80000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data        80000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data        80000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data        75000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       415000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       338500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       325500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       302000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       281000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       156000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      1403000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.376271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.405190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.231766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.401590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.283066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.403175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.226839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.394939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.293478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.162500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.127258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.272727                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.583333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.900000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.423729                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.043478                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.064516                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045045                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.372859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.426621                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.385593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.422047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.230769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.376271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.405055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.231766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.401670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000063                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.283066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.403106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.226839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.395032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.293478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.172043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.127574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.376271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.405055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.231766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.401670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000063                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.itb.walker     0.052632                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.283066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.403106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.dtb.walker     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.226839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.395032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.dtb.walker     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.293478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.172043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.127574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 117096.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120559.121622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 120066.118563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 123769.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119858.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 120355.217007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       112760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       113000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 119705.240175                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 120199.046214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 114267.441860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 120475.975976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 120152.557873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 120660.493827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 117730.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120191.711432                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 54333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 54285.714286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data        57000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 54833.333333                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54720                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        54000                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        54250                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        54200                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 117955.830389                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data       118750                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 122644.688645                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 119513.059701                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 113333.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119703.342618                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 117096.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120559.121622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 120058.039731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 123769.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119858.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 120349.769463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       112760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 119705.240175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 120208.170623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 114267.441860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 120475.975976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 120150.213626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 120660.493827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 116906.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120189.935317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.dtb.walker 117096.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 120559.121622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 120058.039731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.dtb.walker 123769.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 119858.823529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 120349.769463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.dtb.walker       112760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.itb.walker       113000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 119705.240175                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 120208.170623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.dtb.walker 114267.441860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 120475.975976                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 120150.213626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.dtb.walker       113500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 120660.493827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 116906.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120189.935317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.waiting_on_retry                       2931                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::samples        73981                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        73981    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBurstLengthHist::total         73981                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         2016                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         2016    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.writeBurstLengthHist::total         2016                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::samples          3556                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::mean     532531833.520810                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::gmean    526606393.624295                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::stdev    73296713.135889                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07            1      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08            6      0.17%      0.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08            7      0.20%      0.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08            7      0.20%      0.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08            8      0.22%      0.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           46      1.29%      2.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08          546     15.35%     17.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08          998     28.07%     45.53% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08         1416     39.82%     85.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08          447     12.57%     97.92% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08           44      1.24%     99.16% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08           24      0.67%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            4      0.11%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.readBandwidthHist::total            3556                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageReadBandwidth        532525716.837198      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalReadBytes                  18939136                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3556                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::mean    14513385.826772                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   25149827.282318                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         2174     61.14%     61.14% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07         1024     28.80%     89.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     89.93% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          229      6.44%     96.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           68      1.91%     98.28% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.28% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           31      0.87%     99.16% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           12      0.34%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08            3      0.08%     99.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            5      0.14%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.72% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            2      0.06%     99.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            4      0.11%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            3      0.08%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.writeBandwidthHist::total           3556                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.averageWriteBandwidth       14511453.550828      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon0.totalWrittenBytes                 516096                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::samples           73981                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::mean       100549.551912                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::gmean      99115.472819                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::stdev      20728.482936                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::32768-65535           85      0.11%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::65536-98303        65272     88.23%     88.34% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::98304-131071         3581      4.84%     93.18% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         2757      3.73%     96.91% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::163840-196607         1490      2.01%     98.92% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::196608-229375          680      0.92%     99.84% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::229376-262143           81      0.11%     99.95% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::262144-294911           20      0.03%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::294912-327679           12      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.readLatencyHist::total             73981                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::samples              1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::mean             11300                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::gmean     11300.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::0-1023               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.writeLatencyHist::total                1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::samples               73981                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::mean           483096.173342                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::stdev          707615.846484                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::50001-55000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::65001-70000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::90001-95000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::95001-100000              2      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::overflows             73976     99.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::min_value             55000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::max_value         176528000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReadRead::total                 73981                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::samples              2016                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::mean         17605230.158730                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::stdev        20756853.085917                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::overflows            2016    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::min_value          110000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::max_value       191506000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittWriteWrite::total                2016                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::samples                 75997                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::mean             467970.906746                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::stdev            275683.538021                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 2      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 3      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 2      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 5      0.01%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::95001-100000                4      0.01%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::overflows               75977     99.97%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::min_value               49000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::max_value             7671000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.ittReqReq::total                   75997                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3556                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.214567                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.410579                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::0             2793     78.54%     78.54% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::1              763     21.46%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingReadsHist::total         3556                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3556                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::0            3556    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.outstandingWritesHist::total         3556                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::samples              3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::mean            20.801744                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::gmean           20.571319                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::stdev            2.857577                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::0-1                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::2-3                     2      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::4-5                     6      0.17%      0.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::6-7                     6      0.17%      0.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::8-9                     5      0.14%      0.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::10-11                   2      0.06%      0.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::12-13                   9      0.25%      0.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::14-15                  46      1.29%      2.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::16-17                 267      7.51%      9.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::18-19                 723     20.33%     29.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::20-21                1116     31.38%     61.36% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::22-23                 865     24.33%     85.69% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::24-25                 374     10.52%     96.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::26-27                  93      2.62%     98.82% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::28-29                  24      0.67%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::30-31                  12      0.34%     99.83% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::32-33                   4      0.11%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::34-35                   1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::36-37                   1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.readTransHist::total                3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::samples             3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::mean            0.566929                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::stdev           0.982415                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::0                   2174     61.14%     61.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::1                   1024     28.80%     89.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::2                    229      6.44%     96.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::3                     68      1.91%     98.28% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::4                     31      0.87%     99.16% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::5                     12      0.34%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::6                      3      0.08%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::7                      5      0.14%     99.72% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::8                      2      0.06%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::9                      4      0.11%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::10                     3      0.08%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::11                     1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon0.writeTransHist::total               3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::samples        74115                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        74115    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBurstLengthHist::total         74115                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1874                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1874    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1874                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::samples          3556                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::mean     533503712.035995                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::gmean    527571213.598059                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::stdev    72955535.291551                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07            2      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08            4      0.11%      0.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08            9      0.25%      0.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08            6      0.17%      0.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08           10      0.28%      0.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           44      1.24%      2.11% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08          537     15.10%     17.21% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08          990     27.84%     45.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08         1421     39.96%     85.01% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08          462     12.99%     98.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08           44      1.24%     99.24% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08           22      0.62%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            4      0.11%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.readBandwidthHist::total            3556                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageReadBandwidth        533490267.817263      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalReadBytes                  18973440                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3556                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::mean    13491113.610799                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   25132733.203000                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         2296     64.57%     64.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07          921     25.90%     90.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     90.47% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          231      6.50%     96.96% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           45      1.27%     98.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.23% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           16      0.45%     98.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           20      0.56%     99.24% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.24% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           12      0.34%     99.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            6      0.17%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            5      0.14%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            2      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.writeBandwidthHist::total           3556                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.averageWriteBandwidth       13489317.437625      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon1.totalWrittenBytes                 479744                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::samples           74115                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::mean       100416.371855                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::gmean      99024.528264                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::stdev      20377.919847                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::32768-65535           78      0.11%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::65536-98303        65579     88.48%     88.59% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::98304-131071         3510      4.74%     93.32% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         2757      3.72%     97.04% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::163840-196607         1418      1.91%     98.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::196608-229375          668      0.90%     99.86% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::229376-262143           78      0.11%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::262144-294911           13      0.02%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::294912-327679           11      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.readLatencyHist::total             74115                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::samples               74115                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::mean           482002.725494                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::stdev          656885.540130                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::40001-45000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::65001-70000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::70001-75000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::80001-85000               1      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::85001-90000               0      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::90001-95000               2      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::95001-100000              3      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::overflows             74106     99.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::min_value             43000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::max_value         161488000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReadRead::total                 74115                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::samples              1874                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::mean         19114126.467449                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::stdev        24251354.810388                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            1      0.05%      0.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1873     99.95%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::min_value           98000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::max_value       264944000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittWriteWrite::total                1874                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::samples                 75989                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::mean             470115.832555                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::stdev            646177.891069                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 1      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 2      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 2      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 3      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 3      0.00%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 6      0.01%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::95001-100000                7      0.01%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::overflows               75962     99.96%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::min_value               43000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::max_value           161488000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.ittReqReq::total                   75989                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3556                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.226940                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.419584                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::0             2750     77.33%     77.33% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::1              805     22.64%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::2                1      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingReadsHist::total         3556                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3556                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::0            3556    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.outstandingWritesHist::total         3556                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::samples              3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::mean            20.839708                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::gmean           20.608772                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::stdev            2.854002                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::0-1                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::2-3                     2      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::4-5                     4      0.11%      0.17% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::6-7                     9      0.25%      0.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::8-9                     3      0.08%      0.51% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::10-11                   4      0.11%      0.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::12-13                  12      0.34%      0.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::14-15                  40      1.12%      2.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::16-17                 261      7.34%      9.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::18-19                 699     19.66%     29.08% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::20-21                1103     31.02%     60.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::22-23                 893     25.11%     85.21% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::24-25                 385     10.83%     96.03% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::26-27                 100      2.81%     98.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::28-29                  26      0.73%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::30-31                  11      0.31%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::32-33                   2      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::34-35                   1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::36-37                   1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.readTransHist::total                3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::samples             3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::mean            0.526997                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::stdev           0.981747                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::0                   2296     64.57%     64.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::1                    921     25.90%     90.47% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::2                    231      6.50%     96.96% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::3                     45      1.27%     98.23% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::4                     16      0.45%     98.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::5                     20      0.56%     99.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::6                     12      0.34%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::7                      6      0.17%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::8                      5      0.14%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::9                      2      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::10                     2      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon1.writeTransHist::total               3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::samples        73998                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        73998    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBurstLengthHist::total         73998                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1996                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::mean    255.872244                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   255.289782                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev     5.707684                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             1      0.05%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.05% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1995     99.95%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1996                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::samples          3556                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::mean     532647019.122610                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::gmean    526768851.357420                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::stdev    72408865.614112                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07            1      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08            6      0.17%      0.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08            8      0.22%      0.42% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08            7      0.20%      0.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08            9      0.25%      0.87% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           62      1.74%      2.62% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08          516     14.51%     17.13% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08          977     27.47%     44.60% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08         1449     40.75%     85.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08          457     12.85%     98.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08           44      1.24%     99.44% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08           18      0.51%     99.94% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            2      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.readBandwidthHist::total            3556                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageReadBandwidth        532648085.245117      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalReadBytes                  18943488                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3556                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::mean    14362204.724409                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   26214646.813239                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         2229     62.68%     62.68% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07          973     27.36%     90.04% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     90.04% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          234      6.58%     96.63% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           46      1.29%     97.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     97.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           20      0.56%     98.48% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           22      0.62%     99.10% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.10% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           14      0.39%     99.49% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            9      0.25%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.75% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            6      0.17%     99.92% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            1      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.writeBandwidthHist::total           3556                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.averageWriteBandwidth       14360320.694081      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon2.totalWrittenBytes                 510721                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::samples           73998                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::mean       100408.002919                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::gmean      99009.416576                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::stdev      20443.630266                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::32768-65535           85      0.11%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::65536-98303        65517     88.54%     88.65% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::98304-131071         3487      4.71%     93.37% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         2731      3.69%     97.06% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::163840-196607         1392      1.88%     98.94% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::196608-229375          659      0.89%     99.83% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::229376-262143          100      0.14%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::262144-294911           11      0.01%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::294912-327679           10      0.01%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            3      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.readLatencyHist::total             73998                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::samples               73998                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::mean           482729.695397                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::stdev          648759.497228                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::10001-15000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::60001-65000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::80001-85000               3      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::85001-90000               2      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::90001-95000               3      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::95001-100000              3      0.00%      0.02% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::overflows             73986     99.98%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::min_value             11000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::max_value         158764000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReadRead::total                 73998                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::samples              1996                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::mean         18199410.821643                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::stdev        28428180.174408                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1996    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::min_value          105000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::max_value       773227000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittWriteWrite::total                1996                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::samples                 75994                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::mean             470078.414085                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::stdev            637057.410645                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 2      0.00%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 4      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 7      0.01%      0.02% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::90001-95000                 9      0.01%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::95001-100000                6      0.01%      0.04% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::overflows               75963     99.96%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::min_value               11000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::max_value           158764000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.ittReqReq::total                   75994                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3556                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.216535                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.412623                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::0             2787     78.37%     78.37% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::1              768     21.60%     99.97% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::2                1      0.03%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingReadsHist::total         3556                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3556                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::0            3556    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.outstandingWritesHist::total         3556                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::samples              3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::mean            20.806524                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::gmean           20.576060                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::stdev            2.835821                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::0-1                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::2-3                     2      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::4-5                     5      0.14%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::6-7                     8      0.22%      0.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::8-9                     4      0.11%      0.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::10-11                   4      0.11%      0.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::12-13                  10      0.28%      0.93% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::14-15                  53      1.49%      2.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::16-17                 250      7.03%      9.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::18-19                 699     19.66%     29.11% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::20-21                1129     31.75%     60.85% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::22-23                 864     24.30%     85.15% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::24-25                 408     11.47%     96.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::26-27                  85      2.39%     99.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::28-29                  17      0.48%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::30-31                  14      0.39%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::32-33                   4      0.11%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.readTransHist::total                3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::samples             3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::mean            0.561024                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::stdev           1.024010                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::0                   2229     62.68%     62.68% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::1                    973     27.36%     90.04% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::2                    234      6.58%     96.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::3                     46      1.29%     97.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::4                     20      0.56%     98.48% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::5                     22      0.62%     99.10% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::6                     14      0.39%     99.49% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::7                      9      0.25%     99.75% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::8                      6      0.17%     99.92% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::9                      1      0.03%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::10                     1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::12                     1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon2.writeTransHist::total               3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::samples        74019                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::mean            256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::stdev             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::0-15              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::256-271        74019    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBurstLengthHist::total         74019                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         1981                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean   256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         1981    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.writeBurstLengthHist::total         1981                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::samples          3556                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::mean     532798200.224972                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::gmean    526873180.183467                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::stdev    73240435.191026                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07            1      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08            6      0.17%      0.20% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08            7      0.20%      0.39% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08            7      0.20%      0.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08            8      0.22%      0.82% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           54      1.52%      2.33% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08          538     15.13%     17.46% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08          981     27.59%     45.05% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08         1435     40.35%     85.40% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08          442     12.43%     97.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08           53      1.49%     99.33% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08           19      0.53%     99.86% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            4      0.11%     99.97% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.readBandwidthHist::total            3556                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageReadBandwidth        532799246.219605      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalReadBytes                  18948864                       # Number of bytes read
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::samples         3556                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::mean    14261417.322835                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::gmean              0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::stdev   25551026.613986                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.67772e+07         2241     63.02%     63.02% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+07-3.35544e+07          944     26.55%     89.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+07-5.03316e+07            0      0.00%     89.57% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::5.03316e+07-6.71089e+07          243      6.83%     96.40% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-8.38861e+07           60      1.69%     98.09% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::8.38861e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%     98.09% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+08-1.17441e+08           23      0.65%     98.73% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.17441e+08-1.34218e+08           20      0.56%     99.30% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-1.50995e+08            0      0.00%     99.30% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.50995e+08-1.67772e+08           10      0.28%     99.58% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.67772e+08-1.84549e+08            7      0.20%     99.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::1.84549e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%     99.78% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.18104e+08            4      0.11%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.18104e+08-2.34881e+08            2      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.34881e+08-2.51658e+08            0      0.00%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.51658e+08-2.68435e+08            2      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-2.85213e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::2.85213e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.0199e+08-3.18767e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::3.18767e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.writeBandwidthHist::total           3556                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.averageWriteBandwidth       14259518.593348      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Lmon3.totalWrittenBytes                 507136                       # Number of bytes written
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::samples           74019                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::mean       100544.244045                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::gmean      99112.199055                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::stdev      20652.041399                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::0-32767               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::32768-65535           89      0.12%      0.12% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::65536-98303        65269     88.18%     88.30% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::98304-131071         3611      4.88%     93.18% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::131072-163839         2810      3.80%     96.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::163840-196607         1429      1.93%     98.90% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::196608-229375          695      0.94%     99.84% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::229376-262143           90      0.12%     99.96% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::262144-294911           12      0.02%     99.98% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::294912-327679           13      0.02%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::327680-360447            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.readLatencyHist::total             74019                       # Read request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::samples              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::mean               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::gmean              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::stdev              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::0                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::1                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::2                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::3                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::4                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::5                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::6                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::7                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::8                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::9                    0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::10                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::11                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::12                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::13                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::14                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::15                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::16                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::17                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::18                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::19                   0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.writeLatencyHist::total                0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::samples               74019                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::mean           482594.739189                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::stdev          644229.885692                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::25001-30000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::30001-35000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::35001-40000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::40001-45000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::45001-50000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::50001-55000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::55001-60000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::60001-65000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::65001-70000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::70001-75000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::75001-80000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::80001-85000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::85001-90000               1      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::90001-95000               3      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::95001-100000              3      0.00%      0.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::overflows             74011     99.99%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::min_value             62000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::max_value         157603000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReadRead::total                 74019                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::samples              1981                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::mean         18000465.421504                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::stdev        22694916.414208                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::overflows            1981    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::min_value          130000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::max_value       218254000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittWriteWrite::total                1981                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::samples                 76000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::mean             470015.526316                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::stdev            633011.479267                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::underflows                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::1-5000                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::5001-10000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::10001-15000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::15001-20000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::20001-25000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::25001-30000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::30001-35000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::35001-40000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::40001-45000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::45001-50000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::50001-55000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::55001-60000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::60001-65000                 1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::65001-70000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::70001-75000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::75001-80000                 2      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::80001-85000                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::85001-90000                 4      0.01%      0.01% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::90001-95000                13      0.02%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::95001-100000                4      0.01%      0.03% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::overflows               75976     99.97%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::min_value               62000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::max_value           157603000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.ittReqReq::total                   76000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3556                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::mean      0.219910                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     0.414244                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::0             2774     78.01%     78.01% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::1              782     21.99%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingReadsHist::total         3556                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3556                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::0            3556    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::1               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::2               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::3               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::4               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::5               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::6               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::7               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::8               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::9               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::10              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::11              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::12              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::13              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::14              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::15              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::16              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::17              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::18              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::19              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.outstandingWritesHist::total         3556                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::samples              3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::mean            20.812430                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::gmean           20.580651                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::stdev            2.862232                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::0-1                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::2-3                     2      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::4-5                     5      0.14%      0.20% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::6-7                     7      0.20%      0.39% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::8-9                     5      0.14%      0.53% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::10-11                   3      0.08%      0.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::12-13                   8      0.22%      0.84% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::14-15                  53      1.49%      2.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::16-17                 245      6.89%      9.22% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::18-19                 741     20.84%     30.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::20-21                1086     30.54%     60.60% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::22-23                 870     24.47%     85.07% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::24-25                 378     10.63%     95.70% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::26-27                 114      3.21%     98.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::28-29                  24      0.67%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::30-31                   8      0.22%     99.80% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::32-33                   6      0.17%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::34-35                   1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.readTransHist::total                3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::samples             3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::mean            0.557087                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::gmean                  0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::stdev           0.998087                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::0                   2241     63.02%     63.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::1                    944     26.55%     89.57% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::2                    243      6.83%     96.40% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::3                     60      1.69%     98.09% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::4                     23      0.65%     98.73% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::5                     20      0.56%     99.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::6                     10      0.28%     99.58% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::7                      7      0.20%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::8                      4      0.11%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::9                      2      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::10                     2      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::11                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::12                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::13                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::14                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::15                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::16                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::17                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::18                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::19                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Lmon3.writeTransHist::total               3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::samples       296114                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::mean             256                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::gmean     256.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::stdev              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::0-15               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::16-31              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::32-47              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::48-63              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::64-79              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::80-95              0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::96-111             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::256-271       296114    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBurstLengthHist::total         296114                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::samples         7867                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::mean     255.967586                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    255.819618                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev      2.874985                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::0-15              1      0.01%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::16-31             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::32-47             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::48-63             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::64-79             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::80-95             0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::96-111            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::112-127            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::128-143            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::144-159            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::160-175            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::176-191            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::192-207            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::208-223            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::224-239            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::240-255            0      0.00%      0.01% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::256-271         7866     99.99%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::272-287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::288-303            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::304-319            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.writeBurstLengthHist::total          7867                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::samples           3556                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::mean      2131487964.004499                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::gmean     2109227380.892503                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::stdev     281845811.157784                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::0-2.68435e+08            1      0.03%      0.03% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            5      0.14%      0.17% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08           10      0.28%      0.45% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            5      0.14%      0.59% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            6      0.17%      0.76% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09           49      1.38%      2.14% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09          470     13.22%     15.35% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09         1279     35.97%     51.32% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09         1273     35.80%     87.12% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09          381     10.71%     97.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09           56      1.57%     99.41% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09           15      0.42%     99.83% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            6      0.17%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.readBandwidthHist::total             3556                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageReadBandwidth         2131463316.119184      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalReadBytes                   75804928                       # Number of bytes read
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::samples          3556                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::mean     56628121.484814                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::gmean               0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::stdev    79023125.864120                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::0-6.71089e+07         2564     72.10%     72.10% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+07-1.34218e+08          825     23.20%     95.30% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.01327e+08           65      1.83%     97.13% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+08-2.68435e+08           15      0.42%     97.55% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-3.35544e+08           15      0.42%     97.98% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::3.35544e+08-4.02653e+08           14      0.39%     98.37% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-4.69762e+08           15      0.42%     98.79% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::4.69762e+08-5.36871e+08           14      0.39%     99.18% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.0398e+08            9      0.25%     99.44% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.0398e+08-6.71089e+08           16      0.45%     99.89% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-7.38198e+08            2      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::7.38198e+08-8.05306e+08            2      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-8.72415e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::8.72415e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.00663e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.00663e+09-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.14085e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.14085e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.27507e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::1.27507e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.writeBandwidthHist::total            3556                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.averageWriteBandwidth        56620610.275881      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.Hmon.totalWrittenBytes                 2013697                       # Number of bytes written
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::samples           296113                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::mean        110173.146738                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::gmean       108732.477976                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::stdev       21379.877110                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::0-32767                0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::32768-65535          335      0.11%      0.11% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::65536-98303          134      0.05%      0.16% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::98304-131071       271724     91.76%     91.92% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::131072-163839        10971      3.71%     95.63% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::163840-196607         8933      3.02%     98.64% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::196608-229375         1052      0.36%     99.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::229376-262143         2717      0.92%     99.92% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::262144-294911          164      0.06%     99.97% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::294912-327679           53      0.02%     99.99% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::327680-360447           19      0.01%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            6      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            1      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            2      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.readLatencyHist::total             296113                       # Read request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::samples               1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::mean              20000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::gmean      20000.000000                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::stdev               0                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::0-1023                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::1024-2047             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::2048-3071             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::3072-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::4096-5119             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::5120-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::6144-7167             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::7168-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::8192-9215             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::9216-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::10240-11263            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::11264-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::12288-13311            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::13312-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::14336-15359            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::15360-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::16384-17407            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::17408-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::18432-19455            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::19456-20479            1    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.writeLatencyHist::total                 1                       # Write request-response latency
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::samples               296114                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::mean            120634.384055                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::stdev           312583.899213                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::underflows                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::1-5000                  8504      2.87%      2.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::5001-10000              8528      2.88%      5.75% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::10001-15000             8858      2.99%      8.74% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::15001-20000            12231      4.13%     12.87% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::20001-25000             9925      3.35%     16.23% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::25001-30000             9881      3.34%     19.56% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::30001-35000             7545      2.55%     22.11% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::35001-40000             7341      2.48%     24.59% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::40001-45000             6824      2.30%     26.89% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::45001-50000             6781      2.29%     29.18% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::50001-55000             6609      2.23%     31.42% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::55001-60000             6510      2.20%     33.61% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::60001-65000             7100      2.40%     36.01% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::65001-70000             6560      2.22%     38.23% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::70001-75000             6605      2.23%     40.46% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::75001-80000             6597      2.23%     42.69% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::80001-85000             5880      1.99%     44.67% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::85001-90000             5856      1.98%     46.65% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::90001-95000             5682      1.92%     48.57% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::95001-100000            5687      1.92%     50.49% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::overflows             146610     49.51%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::min_value                500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::max_value          157332500                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReadRead::total                 296114                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::samples               7867                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::mean          4520749.269099                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::stdev         5739137.331673                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000             81      1.03%      1.03% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000             21      0.27%      1.30% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000             18      0.23%      1.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000             20      0.25%      1.78% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000             13      0.17%      1.94% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000             20      0.25%      2.20% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000             21      0.27%      2.47% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000             16      0.20%      2.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000             11      0.14%      2.81% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000             19      0.24%      3.05% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000             13      0.17%      3.22% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000             12      0.15%      3.37% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000             13      0.17%      3.53% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000             11      0.14%      3.67% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000             11      0.14%      3.81% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000             13      0.17%      3.98% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            15      0.19%      4.17% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::overflows             7539     95.83%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::min_value            16500                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::max_value         67327000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittWriteWrite::total                 7867                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::samples                 303981                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::mean              116996.570509                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::stdev             117691.229365                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::underflows                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::1-5000                    8742      2.88%      2.88% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::5001-10000                8776      2.89%      5.76% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::10001-15000               9083      2.99%      8.75% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::15001-20000              13405      4.41%     13.16% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::20001-25000              10293      3.39%     16.55% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::25001-30000              10385      3.42%     19.96% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::30001-35000               7913      2.60%     22.57% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::35001-40000               7697      2.53%     25.10% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::40001-45000               7239      2.38%     27.48% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::45001-50000               7179      2.36%     29.84% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::50001-55000               6943      2.28%     32.13% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::55001-60000               6952      2.29%     34.41% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::60001-65000               7472      2.46%     36.87% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::65001-70000               6982      2.30%     39.17% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::70001-75000               6966      2.29%     41.46% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::75001-80000               7299      2.40%     43.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::80001-85000               6071      2.00%     45.86% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::85001-90000               6165      2.03%     47.89% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::90001-95000               6969      2.29%     50.18% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::95001-100000              5862      1.93%     52.11% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::overflows               145588     47.89%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::min_value                  500                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::max_value              4356000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.ittReqReq::total                   303981                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::samples         3556                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::mean       0.965411                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::gmean             0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::stdev      0.876116                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::0              1222     34.36%     34.36% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::1              1424     40.04%     74.41% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::2               738     20.75%     95.16% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::3               155      4.36%     99.52% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::4                17      0.48%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::5                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::6                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::7                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::8                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::9                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::10                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::11                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::12                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::13                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::14                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::15                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::16                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::17                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::18                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::19                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingReadsHist::total          3556                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::samples         3556                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::mean             0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::0             3556    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.outstandingWritesHist::total         3556                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.Hmon.readTransHist::samples               3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::mean             83.260686                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::gmean            82.393015                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::stdev            11.018784                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::0-7                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::8-15                     2      0.06%      0.06% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::16-23                    7      0.20%      0.25% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::24-31                    7      0.20%      0.45% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::32-39                    4      0.11%      0.56% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::40-47                    3      0.08%      0.65% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::48-55                    9      0.25%      0.90% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::56-63                   61      1.72%      2.62% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::64-71                  313      8.80%     11.42% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::72-79                  832     23.40%     34.81% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::80-87                 1130     31.78%     66.59% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::88-95                  809     22.75%     89.34% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::96-103                 281      7.90%     97.24% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::104-111                 73      2.05%     99.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::112-119                 12      0.34%     99.63% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::120-127                 11      0.31%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::128-135                  1      0.03%     99.97% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::136-143                  1      0.03%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::144-151                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::152-159                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.readTransHist::total                 3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::samples              3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::mean             2.212036                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::gmean                   0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::stdev            3.086841                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::0-1                  1712     48.14%     48.14% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::2-3                  1327     37.32%     85.46% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::4-5                   350      9.84%     95.30% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::6-7                    65      1.83%     97.13% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::8-9                    13      0.37%     97.50% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::10-11                   5      0.14%     97.64% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::12-13                  12      0.34%     97.98% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::14-15                  14      0.39%     98.37% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::16-17                  12      0.34%     98.71% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::18-19                  11      0.31%     99.02% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::20-21                  11      0.31%     99.33% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::22-23                   4      0.11%     99.44% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::24-25                  12      0.34%     99.78% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::26-27                   4      0.11%     99.89% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::28-29                   2      0.06%     99.94% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::30-31                   2      0.06%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::32-33                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::34-35                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::36-37                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::38-39                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.Hmon.writeTransHist::total                3556                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.total_occupancy_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types occupy the xbar
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.delayed_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # # of pkts delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidCmd            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::Writeback            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SoftPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::HardPFResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SCUpgradeFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::UpgradeFailResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::ReadExResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondFailReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::StoreCondResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::SwapResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::MessageResp            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidDestError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::BadAddressError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalReadError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FunctionalWriteError            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::PrintReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::FlushReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.total_delayed_time_trans_dist::InvalidationReq            0                       # total time the pkt types are delayed due to xbar occupancy
system.iobus.failedReq                              0                       # # of times recvTimingReq fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.failedResp                             0                       # # of times recvTimingResp fails due to busy xbar
system.iobus.reqForwardingFail                      0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward req pkt to next component
system.iobus.respForwardingFail                     0                       # # of times xbar fails to forward resp pkt to next component
system.iobus.pimReqSuccess                          0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM req pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimReqFail                             0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM req pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimReqDelayedTime                      0                       # cumulative time PIM req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.pimRespSuccess                         0                       # # of times xbar successfully sends PIM resp pkt through, including forwarding
system.iobus.pimRespFail                            0                       # # of times xbar fails to send PIM resp pkt through due to layer occupancy
system.iobus.pimRespDelayedTime                     0                       # cumulative time PIM resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalReqDelayedTime                    0                       # cumulative time all req pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.totalRespDelayedTime                   0                       # cumulative time all resp pkts are delayed on this xbar
system.iobus.reqLayer0.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer0.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer1.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer2.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer3.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer4.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer5.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer6.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer7.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer8.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.succeeded                    0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer9.failed                       0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer10.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer11.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer12.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer13.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer14.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer15.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer16.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer17.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer18.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer19.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer20.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer21.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer22.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer23.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer24.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer25.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer26.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer27.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.reqLayer28.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer0.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer1.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer2.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer3.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.succeeded                   0                       # # of times layer succeeds timing
system.iobus.respLayer4.failed                      0                       # # of times layer fails timing
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     4354898                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                    197793                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    1710250                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       53                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                    14                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 4552691                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                1710303                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                          6065148                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                         197846                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                      6262994                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    12034592                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                         5                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                12034597                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         12034592                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                              5                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     12034597                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        71129463                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   11998487                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     12067745                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              9925344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      30915                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      1005155                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     9925344                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           17802630                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           6456821                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            48724441                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            6189114                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      6066409                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    4355437                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1710972                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.006000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              71129462.994000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          1608586                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  6002537     49.73%     49.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                     348      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                18      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 4355437     36.09%     85.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1710972     14.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  12069312                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements             2360                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           12234762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             2360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          5184.221186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         24071544                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        24071544                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.inst     12032232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12032232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.inst     12032232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        12032232                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.inst     12032232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       12032232                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         2360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          2360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         2360                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    159716659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159716659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    159716659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    159716659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    159716659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    159716659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     12034592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12034592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     12034592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     12034592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.inst     12034592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     12034592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 67676.550424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67676.550424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 67676.550424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67676.550424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 67676.550424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67676.550424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.inst         2360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    154816341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154816341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    154816341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    154816341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst    154816341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    154816341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.inst     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 65600.144492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65600.144492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 65600.144492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65600.144492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.inst 65600.144492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65600.144492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.waiting_on_retry               223                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           191828                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.831527                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            3732825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           191828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            19.459229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu0.data   255.831527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu0.data     0.999342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          179                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.964844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         12322364                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        12322364                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      4160859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4160859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu0.data      1706554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1706554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu0.data          221                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          221                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2447                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2447                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu0.data         2647                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2647                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu0.data      5867413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         5867413                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu0.data      5867634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        5867634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu0.data       190943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          890                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          890                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu0.data           54                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           54                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          363                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          363                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu0.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu0.data       191833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        191833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu0.data       191887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       191887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  11443009588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11443009588                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     46235493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46235493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      8507494                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      8507494                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3608499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3608499                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  11489245081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11489245081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  11489245081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11489245081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      4351802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4351802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data      1707444                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1707444                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data          275                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          275                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2810                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu0.data         2801                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2801                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu0.data      6059246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6059246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu0.data      6059521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6059521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.043877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000521                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000521                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.196364                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.196364                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.129181                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.129181                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.054980                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.054980                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.031660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.031667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 59928.929513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59928.929513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 51949.992135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51949.992135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 23436.622590                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23436.622590                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 23431.811688                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23431.811688                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 59891.911616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59891.911616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 59875.057096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59875.057096                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total            13926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::system.cpu0.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       190943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       190943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data           54                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           54                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          325                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          325                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       191832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       191832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu0.data       191886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       191886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  11060294430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11060294430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data     44322001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44322001                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      4058000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4058000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      5503496                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5503496                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data      3299501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3299501                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  11104616431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11104616431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data  11108674431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11108674431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       430493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       430493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       533000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       533000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data       963493                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       963493                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.043877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.000521                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000521                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.196364                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.196364                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.115658                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115658                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.054980                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054980                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.031659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu0.data     0.031667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 57924.587076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57924.587076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 49856.019123                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49856.019123                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 75148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75148.148148                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 16933.833846                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16933.833846                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 21425.331169                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21425.331169                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 57887.195207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57887.195207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu0.data 57892.052734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57892.052734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.waiting_on_retry              8109                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     4333225                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                    197261                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1695849                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       43                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                     9                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 4530486                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                1695892                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          6029074                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                         197304                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      6226378                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    11965431                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                11965431                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         11965431                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     11965431                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        70701462                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   11930281                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     11991181                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              9858996                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      29046                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       999184                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     9858996                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           17679545                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           6412727                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            48427909                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            6160849                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      6030017                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    4333454                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1696563                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              434644.795057                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              70266817.204943                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.993852                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.006148                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1598295                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5961945     49.71%     49.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                     304      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 4333454     36.14%     85.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1696563     14.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  11992268                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                      15                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements             1467                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           12151746                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          8283.398773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         23932329                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        23932329                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.inst     11963964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11963964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.inst     11963964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        11963964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.inst     11963964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       11963964                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     77121726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77121726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     77121726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77121726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     77121726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77121726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     11965431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11965431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     11965431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     11965431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.inst     11965431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     11965431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 52571.047035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52571.047035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 52571.047035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52571.047035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 52571.047035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52571.047035                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.inst         1467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     74030274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74030274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     74030274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74030274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst     74030274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74030274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.inst     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 50463.717791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50463.717791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 50463.717791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50463.717791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.inst 50463.717791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50463.717791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.waiting_on_retry               125                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           192629                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.707303                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            6053637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           192629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            31.426405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu1.data   255.707303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu1.data     0.998857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         12250996                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        12250996                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      4138620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4138620                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu1.data      1692617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1692617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu1.data          102                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          102                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2194                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2194                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu1.data         2392                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2392                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu1.data      5831237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         5831237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu1.data      5831339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        5831339                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu1.data       191940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191940                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          706                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          706                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu1.data           26                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          331                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          331                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu1.data          127                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          127                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu1.data       192646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        192646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu1.data       192672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       192672                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  11452256562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11452256562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     39481990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39481990                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      7197994                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      7197994                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      3053000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3053000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        30500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_miss_latency::total        30500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  11491738552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11491738552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  11491738552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11491738552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      4330560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4330560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data      1693323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1693323                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data          128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          128                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2525                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu1.data         2519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu1.data      6023883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6023883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu1.data      6024011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6024011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.044322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000417                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000417                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.203125                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.203125                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.131089                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.131089                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.050417                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.050417                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.031980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.031984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 59665.815161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59665.815161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 55923.498584                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55923.498584                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 21746.205438                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21746.205438                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 24039.370079                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24039.370079                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 59652.100495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59652.100495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 59644.050781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59644.050781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13509                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total            13509                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu1.data           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       191940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       191940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data           26                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          306                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          306                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data          127                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       192646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       192646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu1.data       192672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       192672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  11067553366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11067553366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data     38068992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38068992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2192500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2192500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      4393500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4393500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data      2801000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2801000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        28500                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  11105622358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11105622358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data  11107814858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11107814858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       393496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       393496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       502500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       502500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data       895996                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       895996                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.044322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.000417                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000417                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.203125                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.203125                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.121188                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121188                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.050417                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050417                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.031980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu1.data     0.031984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 57661.526342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57661.526342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 53922.084986                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53922.084986                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 84326.923077                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84326.923077                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 14357.843137                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14357.843137                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 22055.118110                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22055.118110                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 57647.822213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57647.822213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu1.data 57651.422407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57651.422407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.waiting_on_retry              8127                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     4329113                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                    197384                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    1697876                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       46                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                    13                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                 4526497                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                1697922                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                          6026989                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                         197430                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                      6224419                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                    11964405                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                        10                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                11964415                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                         11964405                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                             10                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                     11964415                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        70530122                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   11928803                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     11992628                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              9858688                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      29574                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1000018                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     9858688                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           17679135                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           6408288                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            48421142                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            6157417                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      6028265                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    4329373                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1698892                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              595680.064179                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              69934441.935821                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.991554                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.008446                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1600235                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  5965482     49.74%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                     314      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 4329373     36.10%     85.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1698892     14.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  11994064                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements             1618                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           12103114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          7480.292954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         23930428                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        23930428                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.inst     11962787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11962787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.inst     11962787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        11962787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.inst     11962787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       11962787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1618                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1618                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    100777165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100777165                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    100777165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100777165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst    100777165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100777165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     11964405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11964405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     11964405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     11964405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.inst     11964405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     11964405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 62285.021632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62285.021632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 62285.021632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62285.021632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 62285.021632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62285.021632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.inst         1618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1618                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     97325835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97325835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     97325835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97325835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst     97325835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97325835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.inst     0.000135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 60151.937577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60151.937577                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 60151.937577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60151.937577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.inst 60151.937577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60151.937577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.waiting_on_retry               147                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           190843                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.614901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs            5500611                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           190843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            28.822702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu2.data   255.614901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu2.data     0.998496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.843750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         12245053                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        12245053                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      4136300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4136300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu2.data      1694432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1694432                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu2.data          104                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          104                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         2297                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2297                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu2.data         2495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu2.data      5830732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total         5830732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu2.data      5830836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total        5830836                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu2.data       190043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190043                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          814                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu2.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          331                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          331                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu2.data          128                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          128                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu2.data       190857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total        190857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu2.data       190884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total       190884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  11357356527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11357356527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     45091490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     45091490                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      7566994                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      7566994                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      3123000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      3123000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  11402448017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11402448017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  11402448017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11402448017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      4326343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4326343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data      1695246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1695246                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data          131                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         2628                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2628                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu2.data         2623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu2.data      6021589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6021589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu2.data      6021720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6021720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.043927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.043927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000480                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000480                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.206107                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.206107                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.125951                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.125951                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.048799                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.048799                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.031695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031695                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.031699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.031699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 59762.035576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59762.035576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 55394.950860                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55394.950860                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 22861.009063                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22861.009063                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 24398.437500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24398.437500                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 59743.410077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59743.410077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 59734.959541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59734.959541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13691                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total            13691                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu2.data           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       190043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       190043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          309                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          309                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data          128                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       190857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       190857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu2.data       190884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       190884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  10976394453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10976394453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data     43458500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43458500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2229000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2229000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      4992500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4992500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data      2867000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2867000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  11019852953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11019852953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data  11022081953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11022081953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       355996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       355996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       501500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       501500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data       857496                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       857496                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.043927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.000480                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000480                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.206107                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.206107                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.117580                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117580                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.048799                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048799                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.031695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu2.data     0.031699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 57757.425704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57757.425704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 53388.820639                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53388.820639                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 82555.555556                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82555.555556                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 16156.957929                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16156.957929                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 22398.437500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22398.437500                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 57738.793720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57738.793720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu2.data 57742.303980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57742.303980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.waiting_on_retry              8115                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                     4358382                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                    198470                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                    1708202                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       46                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.prefetch_faults                    16                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                 4556852                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                1708248                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.hits                          6066584                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.misses                         198516                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.accesses                      6265100                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_hits                    12035726                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu3.itb.inst_misses                         9                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu3.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu3.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu3.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.inst_accesses                12035735                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu3.itb.hits                         12035726                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.misses                              9                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.accesses                     12035735                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.numCycles                        70857235                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   11999300                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     12061969                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              9919450                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      29489                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1004361                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     9919450                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           17794151                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           6452411                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            48715765                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            6193227                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      6067771                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    4358609                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1709162                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              271313.617319                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              70585921.382681                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.996171                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.003829                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1607012                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5995205     49.70%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                     318      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 2      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     49.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 4358609     36.13%     85.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1709162     14.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  12063296                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       6                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements             1468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           12122459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          8257.805858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         24072920                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        24072920                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.inst     12034258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12034258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.inst     12034258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        12034258                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.inst     12034258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       12034258                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1468                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1468                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     79163718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79163718                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     79163718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79163718                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     79163718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79163718                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     12035726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12035726                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     12035726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     12035726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.inst     12035726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     12035726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 53926.238420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53926.238420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 53926.238420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53926.238420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 53926.238420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53926.238420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.inst         1468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     76051282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76051282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     76051282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76051282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst     76051282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76051282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.inst     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 51806.050409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51806.050409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 51806.050409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51806.050409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.inst 51806.050409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51806.050409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.waiting_on_retry               152                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           194284                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          255.782588                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs            5913317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           194284                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            30.436459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu3.data   255.782588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu3.data     0.999151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         12327719                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        12327719                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      4162001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4162001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu3.data      1704753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1704753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu3.data           89                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           89                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         2327                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2327                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu3.data         2583                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2583                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu3.data      5866754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total         5866754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu3.data      5866843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total        5866843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu3.data       193551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       193551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          736                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          736                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu3.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           21                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          383                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          383                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu3.data          126                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          126                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu3.data       194287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total        194287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu3.data       194308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total       194308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  11392110138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11392110138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     42223492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     42223492                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      7262498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      7262498                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2999000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      2999000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  11434333630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11434333630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  11434333630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11434333630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      4355552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4355552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data      1705489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1705489                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data          110                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2710                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2710                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu3.data         2709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2709                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu3.data      6061041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6061041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu3.data      6061151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6061151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.044438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.044438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000432                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000432                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.190909                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.190909                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.141328                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.141328                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.046512                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.046512                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.032055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.032055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.032058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 58858.441124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58858.441124                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 57368.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57368.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 18962.135770                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18962.135770                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 23801.587302                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23801.587302                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 58852.798334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58852.798334                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 58846.437769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58846.437769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total            14204                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu3.data           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       193551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       193551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data           21                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          364                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          364                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data          126                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          126                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       194287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       194287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu3.data       194308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       194308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  11004195914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11004195914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data     40749496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40749496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data       997000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       997000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      5544502                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5544502                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data      2747000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2747000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  11044945410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11044945410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data  11045942410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11045942410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       342497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       342497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       502000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       502000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data       844497                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       844497                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.044438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.000432                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000432                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.190909                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190909                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.134317                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134317                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.046512                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046512                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.032055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu3.data     0.032058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 56854.244690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56854.244690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 55366.163043                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55366.163043                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 47476.190476                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47476.190476                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 15232.148352                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15232.148352                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 21801.587302                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21801.587302                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 56848.607524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56848.607524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu3.data 56847.594592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56847.594592                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu3.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.waiting_on_retry              8501                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.dtb.read_hits                         130                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_hits                        126                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.dtb.read_accesses                     130                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.write_accesses                    126                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.dtb.hits                              256                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.dtb.accesses                          256                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_hits                         574                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu4.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu4.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu4.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu4.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu4.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu4.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu4.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu4.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu4.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu4.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu4.itb.inst_accesses                     574                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu4.itb.hits                              574                       # DTB hits
system.cpu4.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu4.itb.accesses                          574                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu4.numCycles                      1500017707                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu4.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu4.committedInsts                        562                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu4.committedOps                          742                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu4.num_int_alu_accesses                  684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu4.num_func_calls                         64                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu4.num_conditional_control_insts           50                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu4.num_int_insts                         684                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu4.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu4.num_int_register_reads               1148                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu4.num_int_register_writes               496                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu4.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_reads                2686                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu4.num_cc_register_writes                174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu4.num_mem_refs                          268                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu4.num_load_insts                        136                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu4.num_store_insts                       132                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu4.num_idle_cycles              1499978988.413878                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu4.num_busy_cycles              38718.586122                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu4.not_idle_fraction                0.000026                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu4.idle_fraction                    0.999974                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu4.Branches                              116                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu4.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntAlu                      490     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemRead                     136     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::MemWrite                    132     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.op_class::total                       758                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu4.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu4.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu4.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.icache.tags.tag_accesses             1148                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.icache.tags.data_accesses            1148                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.inst          574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.inst          574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.demand_hits::total             574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.inst          574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.overall_hits::total            574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.demand_accesses::total          574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.inst          574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.overall_accesses::total          574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          182.119828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu4.data   182.119828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu4.data     0.711406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.711406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.707031                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              519                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.tags.data_accesses             519                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            117                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu4.data          120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu4.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_hits::total             237                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu4.data          241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_hits::total            241                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_misses::total             7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_misses::total            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        51000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        51000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         9000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total         9000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        60000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total        60000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        60000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total        60000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data          122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu4.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu4.data          244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_accesses::total          244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu4.data          248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_accesses::total          248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.040984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.028689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.028226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        10200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        10200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         4500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  8571.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8571.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  8571.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8571.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu4.data            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        41000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        41000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         5000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         5000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        46000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        46000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data        46000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        46000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.040984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu4.data     0.028226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         8200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         8200                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data         2500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  6571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu4.data  6571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6571.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 1                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.dtb.read_hits                         130                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_hits                        126                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.dtb.read_accesses                     130                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.write_accesses                    126                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.dtb.hits                              256                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.dtb.accesses                          256                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_hits                         574                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu5.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu5.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu5.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu5.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu5.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu5.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu5.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu5.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu5.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu5.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu5.itb.inst_accesses                     574                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu5.itb.hits                              574                       # DTB hits
system.cpu5.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu5.itb.accesses                          574                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu5.numCycles                      1460016711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu5.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu5.committedInsts                        562                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu5.committedOps                          742                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu5.num_int_alu_accesses                  684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu5.num_func_calls                         64                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu5.num_conditional_control_insts           50                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu5.num_int_insts                         684                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu5.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu5.num_int_register_reads               1148                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu5.num_int_register_writes               496                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu5.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_reads                2686                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu5.num_cc_register_writes                174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu5.num_mem_refs                          268                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu5.num_load_insts                        136                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu5.num_store_insts                       132                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu5.num_idle_cycles              1459977136.513943                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu5.num_busy_cycles              39574.486057                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu5.not_idle_fraction                0.000027                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu5.idle_fraction                    0.999973                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu5.Branches                              116                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu5.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntAlu                      490     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemRead                     136     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::MemWrite                    132     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.op_class::total                       758                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu5.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu5.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu5.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.icache.tags.tag_accesses             1148                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.icache.tags.data_accesses            1148                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.inst          574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.inst          574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.demand_hits::total             574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.inst          574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.overall_hits::total            574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.demand_accesses::total          574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.inst          574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.overall_accesses::total          574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          192.241420                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu5.data   192.241420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu5.data     0.750943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.750943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.746094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              519                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.tags.data_accesses             519                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu5.data          120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu5.data          235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_hits::total             235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu5.data          239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_hits::total            239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_misses::total             9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_misses::total            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        43000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        43000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       143000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       143000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       143000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       143000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data          122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu5.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu5.data          244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_accesses::total          244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu5.data          248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_accesses::total          248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.057377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.036885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.036290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 14285.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14285.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 15888.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15888.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 15888.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15888.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu5.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        86000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        86000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        39000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        39000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data       125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.057377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.036885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu5.data     0.036290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 12285.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12285.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13888.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13888.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu5.data 13888.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13888.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 2                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.dtb.read_hits                         130                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.dtb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_hits                        126                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.dtb.read_accesses                     130                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.write_accesses                    126                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.dtb.hits                              256                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.dtb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.dtb.accesses                          256                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_hits                         574                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu6.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu6.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu6.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu6.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu6.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu6.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu6.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu6.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu6.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu6.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu6.itb.inst_accesses                     574                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu6.itb.hits                              574                       # DTB hits
system.cpu6.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu6.itb.accesses                          574                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu6.numCycles                      1500017906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu6.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu6.committedInsts                        562                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu6.committedOps                          742                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu6.num_int_alu_accesses                  684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu6.num_func_calls                         64                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu6.num_conditional_control_insts           50                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu6.num_int_insts                         684                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu6.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu6.num_int_register_reads               1148                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu6.num_int_register_writes               496                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu6.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_reads                2686                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu6.num_cc_register_writes                174                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu6.num_mem_refs                          268                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu6.num_load_insts                        136                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu6.num_store_insts                       132                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu6.num_idle_cycles              1499977858.829630                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu6.num_busy_cycles              40047.170370                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu6.not_idle_fraction                0.000027                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu6.idle_fraction                    0.999973                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu6.Branches                              116                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu6.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntAlu                      490     64.64%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemRead                     136     17.94%     82.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::MemWrite                    132     17.41%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.op_class::total                       758                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu6.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu6.kern.inst.quiesce                       2                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu6.icache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.icache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.icache.tags.tag_accesses             1148                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.icache.tags.data_accesses            1148                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.inst          574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            574                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.inst          574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.demand_hits::total             574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.inst          574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.overall_hits::total            574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total          574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.demand_accesses::total          574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.inst          574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.overall_accesses::total          574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.icache.waiting_on_retry                 0                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          183.998500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu6.data   183.998500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu6.data     0.718744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.718744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.714844                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.tag_accesses              519                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.tags.data_accesses             519                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu6.data          120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           120                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            4                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu6.data          235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_hits::total             235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu6.data          239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_hits::total            239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu6.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_misses::total             9                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu6.data            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_misses::total            9                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        85499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        85499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        43000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total        43000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       128499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total       128499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       128499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total       128499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data          122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu6.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu6.data          244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_accesses::total          244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu6.data          248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_accesses::total          248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.057377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.057377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.036885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.036290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036290                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12214.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12214.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21500                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 14277.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14277.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 14277.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14277.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu6.data            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        70501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        70501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        39000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        39000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       109501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       109501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data       109501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       109501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.057377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016393                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.036885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu6.data     0.036290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 10071.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10071.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12166.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12166.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu6.data 12166.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12166.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.dcache.waiting_on_retry                 1                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.dtb.read_hits                        2676                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.dtb.read_misses                         3                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_hits                       2413                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.dtb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.dtb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.dtb.read_accesses                    2679                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.write_accesses                   2413                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.dtb.hits                             5089                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.dtb.misses                              3                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.dtb.accesses                         5092                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits             0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_hits                       12064                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu7.itb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu7.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu7.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu7.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu7.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb                           0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                  0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_tlb_asid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu7.itb.flush_entries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu7.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu7.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu7.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu7.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu7.itb.inst_accesses                   12064                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu7.itb.hits                            12064                       # DTB hits
system.cpu7.itb.misses                              0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu7.itb.accesses                        12064                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu7.numCycles                        71129544                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu7.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu7.committedInsts                      11762                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu7.committedOps                        14251                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu7.num_int_alu_accesses                13145                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_fp_alu_accesses                    64                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu7.num_func_calls                        862                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu7.num_conditional_control_insts         1293                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu7.num_int_insts                       13145                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu7.num_fp_insts                           64                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu7.num_int_register_reads              23870                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu7.num_int_register_writes              9146                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_reads                  64                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu7.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_reads               52260                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu7.num_cc_register_writes               4775                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu7.num_mem_refs                         5474                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu7.num_load_insts                       2768                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu7.num_store_insts                      2706                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu7.num_idle_cycles              71039093.831902                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu7.num_busy_cycles              90450.168098                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu7.not_idle_fraction                0.001272                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu7.idle_fraction                    0.998728                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu7.Branches                             2197                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu7.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntAlu                     9159     62.36%     62.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntMult                      48      0.33%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     62.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 6      0.04%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     62.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemRead                    2768     18.85%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::MemWrite                   2706     18.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.op_class::total                     14687                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu7.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu7.kern.inst.quiesce                       4                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu7.icache.tags.replacements              276                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 128                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.icache.tags.total_refs             143108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.sampled_refs              276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.avg_refs           518.507246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.inst          128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.icache.tags.tag_accesses            24404                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.icache.tags.data_accesses           24404                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.inst        11788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          11788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.inst        11788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.demand_hits::total           11788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.inst        11788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.overall_hits::total          11788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.inst          276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.inst          276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_misses::total           276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.inst          276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_misses::total          276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14644996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14644996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14644996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14644996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14644996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14644996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        12064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        12064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        12064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_accesses::total        12064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.inst        12064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_accesses::total        12064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 53061.579710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53061.579710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 53061.579710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53061.579710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 53061.579710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53061.579710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.inst          276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14089004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14089004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14089004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14089004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst     14089004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14089004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.inst     0.022878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 51047.115942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51047.115942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 51047.115942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51047.115942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.inst 51047.115942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51047.115942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.icache.waiting_on_retry                49                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.replacements               98                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          220.181364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.total_refs               5674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               98                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.avg_refs            57.897959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::system.cpu7.data   220.181364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::system.cpu7.data     0.860083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.860083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.816406                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            10310                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.tags.data_accesses           10310                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         2433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           2433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::system.cpu7.data         2309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          2309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           40                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           40                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           63                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           63                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::system.cpu7.data           60                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           60                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::system.cpu7.data         4742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_hits::total            4742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::system.cpu7.data         4782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_hits::total           4782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::system.cpu7.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           31                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           31                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            7                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::system.cpu7.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::system.cpu7.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_misses::total           152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::system.cpu7.data          159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_misses::total          159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3343995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3343995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1346500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1346500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       108500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       108500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       259000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       259000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4690495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      4690495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4690495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      4690495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data         2340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         2340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           47                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           47                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::system.cpu7.data           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::system.cpu7.data         4894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_accesses::total         4894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::system.cpu7.data         4941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.047377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.047377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013248                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013248                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.148936                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148936                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.112676                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.112676                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.142857                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.031058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.032180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 27636.322314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27636.322314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 43435.483871                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43435.483871                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 13562.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13562.500000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        25900                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        25900                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 30858.519737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30858.519737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 29499.968553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29499.968553                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          0                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.writebacks::total               60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::system.cpu7.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            7                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::system.cpu7.data          159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      3100005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3100005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      1284500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1284500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       115500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       115500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         4000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data       239000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       239000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4384505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4384505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data      4500005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4500005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       129000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       129000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       109500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       109500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data       238500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       238500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.047377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.013248                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013248                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.148936                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148936                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.028169                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028169                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.142857                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.031058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::system.cpu7.data     0.032180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 25619.876033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25619.876033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 41435.483871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41435.483871                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        16500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        16500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data        23900                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        23900                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28845.427632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28845.427632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::system.cpu7.data 28301.918239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28301.918239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::system.cpu7.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.dcache.waiting_on_retry                38                       # Number of times sendTimingReq failed
sim_ticks.offload_task 35564735000 # Number of ticks simulated [sim_ticks]
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       -877234579.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       1064195193.600000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       -591785232.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       717909456.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       -4704915571.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       5885635891.200001
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       -644074675.200000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       670153512.960000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       -1012013053624.320190
system.mem_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       1051226030284.798828
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_refreshEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       -301562864029.439941
system.mem_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       314314556520.959900
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_actBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       -3260110161216.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       3385495405440.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_preBackEnergy                       0.000000
total_sim_seconds                       0.035565
system.cpu.totalNumCycles                       4814400150.000000
system.pim.totalNumCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.totalIdleCycles                       4532274716.071907
system.pim.totalIdleCycles                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_instructions                       39577675.000000
system.pim.int_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.fp_instructions                       128.000000
system.pim.fp_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.branch_instructions                       6416673.000000
system.pim.branch_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.load_instructions                       17380049.000000
system.pim.load_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.store_instructions                       6818691.000000
system.pim.store_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.committed_instructions                       47870319.000000
system.pim.committed_instructions                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                       70982775.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                       25740881.000000
system.pim.int_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_reads                       128.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_reads                       0.000000
system.cpu.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.pim.float_regfile_writes                       0.000000
system.cpu.function_calls                       120078.000000
system.pim.function_calls                       0.000000
system.cpu.ialu_accesses                       39577675.000000
system.pim.ialu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.fpu_accesses                       128.000000
system.pim.fpu_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_accesses                       48013964.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.itlb.total_misses                       24.000000
system.pim.itlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_accesses                       48013940.000000
system.pim.icache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.icache.read_misses                       7189.000000
system.pim.icache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_accesses                       17367177.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_accesses                       6804208.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_accesses                       24984751.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_accesses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dtlb.total_misses                       791099.000000
system.pim.dtlb.total_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.read_misses                       766617.000000
system.pim.dcache.read_misses                       0.000000
system.cpu.dcache.write_misses                       3183.000000
system.pim.dcache.write_misses                       0.000000
total_interconnect_accesses                       3328249
system.mem_ctrls.total_reads                       296113.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_reads                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writes                       7866.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writes                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.activations                       309128.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.activations                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       2066670.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_readRowHits                       0.000000
system.mem_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       52310.000000
system.pim_vault_ctrls.total_writeRowHits                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.reads_from_pim                       295060.000000
                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.writes_to_pim                       1.000000
                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys0                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys1                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys2                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys3                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys4                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys5                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys6                       0.000000
not_applicable                       0.000000
system.smcxbar.pkts_to_pim_sys7                       0.000000
